Anthony Jeselnik

Now… my best friend’s wife is a born again Christian, and we do not get along at all. The other day, she called me up to yell at me, saying I’m a terrible influence on her husband because he called her a bad name. I said, “What? Did he call you a bitch?” She said, “No, Anthony. He did not use the B word.” I said, “Uh-oh.” “Did he call you a cunt?” She said, “No.” I said, “Well, then he didn’t hear it from me.” Yeah, that’s pretty much the greatest opening joke of all time. Because even if you’ve never heard of me before, which I doubt… you listen to that first joke, you’re like, “Oh I get it. He’s fucking brilliant.”

My sister just had a baby. My sister had a baby to try to save the relationship. But I still don’t talk to her. Guys, this is gonna take forever. -Um… Life can be funny sometimes, all right? Like, I can’t get into details right now. But earlier this week, I received the single greatest phone call of my life. And then just five minutes later, I got another call telling me that my dad is in the hospital. I said, “Yeah, I just heard.” I mean, look, I don’t want to give you guys the wrong impression, you know. I didn’t hate my father. My father wasn’t a bad guy. For instance, I never once, not once, not ever, ever saw my dad hit my mother. I mean, he was quick and you can’t… you can’t teach speed. That comes from here.


I remember when I was 13, my mom got diagnosed with Parkinson’s and my dad just gave up immediately. Said, “I can’t deal with this, I can’t live like this,” and packed up his car. So, as a 13-year-old boy, I had to be the one to roll up my sleeves and say, “Okay. Guess I’m going with Dad. Sounds like Mom needs some alone time.”

I think, like a lot of guys…. I’ll never forget the one time I saw my dad’s penis. I said, “Dad, don’t text me shit like that.”

When I was a kid, my family used to move around a lot. But now they’re all fat as fuck.

To give you an idea… To give you all an idea of how crazy my family is, I’m not even the biggest asshole in my own family. I have this cousin. Everybody hated this cousin, my own family hated this cousin. And then a couple of years ago, my cousin fell off of a horse and broke his neck. We all refer to that as “the Superman incident.” Because that horse is a hero.

When I was in high school, my high school employed a blind janitor. One hundred percent totally blind. And all the other kids would joke around that he went blind from masturbating too much. And at the time, I believed that. I was just a kid, I didn’t know any better. It wasn’t until I got older, wiser, I realized that’s just an old wives’ tale they used to use to… try to explain why he was always masturbating.

One of my good friends is a narcoleptic. A narcoleptic. It’s the craziest shit. One minute, we’re having a conversation, like, everything is completely normal. And then the next thing I know, I’m having sex. It’s… Did everybody get that one? If you didn’t get that last joke, don’t worry. This next joke is just like it. Only dumb.

One of my old friends from high school now works as a doctor in the emergency room. He once told me that 25% of his job is pulling strange objects out of people’s asses. We don’t talk much anymore. But I see him all the time. If you didn’t get either joke, how did you figure out Netflix?

I live in Los Angeles. Like you fucking wish you could. Yeah! I like my place. I’m not that crazy about my neighbors. Like, I live on the same street as three different families of Jehovah’s Witnesses. And no matter how many times I tell them, “No, absolutely not,” they still come by twice a week and say, “Anthony, please stop throwing rocks at our houses.” “Don’t push your religion on me.” And they’re not even the worst of my neighbors.

One of my next-door neighbors is a 90-year-old man suffering from Alzheimer’s. And every single morning at 9 a.m. he knocks on my door, and he asks me if I have seen his wife. Which means… that every single morning at 9 a.m. I have to explain to a 90-year-old man suffering from Alzheimer’s that his wife has been dead for quite some time. Now, I have thought about moving. I have thought about just not answering my door in the morning, but to be honest, it’s worth it just to see the smile on his face. Yeah, for some reason, that joke’s a crowd-pleaser.

My grandmother is suffering from dementia right now. She forgets who she is, wanders out of the house and gets lost for hours. It’s a problem. So what I did… is I tied a bell around her neck. Sounds inhumane, sure. But problem solved. I mean, that thing is… really heavy. If you’re not laughing right now… …the problem is your imagination. Don’t get mad at me ’cause you don’t know how big bells can get.

I remember, like, a couple weeks after my grandfather died, my father discovered a giant trove of vintage pornography. Frankly, an embarrassing amount of vintage pornography. So I blamed it on Grandpa. My grandfather died a couple of years ago. But he died like a king. No one was even mad. My grandfather died in what has to be the best way possible. My grandfather died in a hammock, on a beach in Hawaii during a sunset. That’s how I want to go out. Strangled to death. It just seems like fun. You know, sometimes… Sometimes I wonder if I could kill someone. Like, do I have it in me to take a human life? And then I remember… Oh, yeah, Debbie. How do you… How do you forget Debbie? She was special.

Speaking of special, went to the doctor a couple of weeks ago, found that I’m special. Went to the doctor, took a blood test. My results came back. Doctor told me my blood type is O-negative. You know what that means? Means I’m the fucking best. Means I’m a universal donor. Means I can give my blood to anyone else in the world who also has AIDS. Uh-huh. I am not afraid to say this, I hate pretty much every single religion in the world. -Let me repeat that. I hate pretty much every single religion in the world. Did you know there’s a religion called Christian Science, where they believe that even if their own children are sick and dying and all they need to save their lives is a little bit of medicine, their beliefs won’t let them give their own children that medicine. That’s the only good religion. I was like, “Get me a cup that I can put toothbrushes in.”

All right, guys, listen, jokes are all well and good. I’d like to take a couple of minutes right now and talk about something that is important to me. And I will preface this by saying there’s a lot of people right now who say that stand-up comedians should just stick to comedy, and not talk about anything else. I disagree. I think that stand-up comedy doesn’t always have to be funny. Stand-up comedy doesn’t always have to be entertaining. Sometimes, it’s about speaking truth to power. Sometimes, it’s about pointing out wrongs in the world, even though it might not be popular. So please, indulge me. With all the terrible things going on in America right now, and you know exactly what I’m fucking talking about… With all the terrible things going on in this country right now, the thing that drives me the most crazy are the people who see all this awful stuff happening, and they still flip out over the little things. My biggest pet peeve in America today are people will see all this horrible stuff going on and yet they still overreact to shit that just does not matter.

For example… have you ever dropped a baby? Holy shit, do people overreact! You drop a baby in America today, I swear people hit the roof before the baby even touches the floor. And it’s not a big deal. How do I know? Because I do it all the time. In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever held a baby… to completion. And you might be thinking, “Anthony, how could you drop a baby?” You ever held a baby? How could you not? It’s so easy. It’s a two-step process. Maybe less. Should you ask, “Anthony, why would anyone ever let you hold their baby?” The answer is simple. Negligence. I love it. It’s a hobby. The only negative, the only drawback, as far as I’m concerned: the embarrassment. People try to shame you when you drop their baby… …even though I almost always make it look like an accident. That’s why this is so great. You ever do this? You ever drop a baby… and then scoop it right back up before anybody sees you? No shit, -best feeling in the world. You just hand the baby back and no one is the wiser. Especially… not that baby. Happened to me just last weekend. I was at a party. One of my friends come up and said, “Anthony, I got to go to the bathroom. Will you hold my baby?” And I tell the truth. I’m always a hundred percent honest. I say, “Yeah… for a little bit.” Held that baby 30, 45 seconds, a personal best. Dropped the baby. Scooped it right back up before anybody saw me. And it was close too. Had to run down three flights of stairs.

I’ll be honest, I don’t really understand how the legal system works in this country. I think it’s unfair, needlessly confusing. I’ll give you an example. One of my next-door neighbor’s kids is climbing a tree on their property. Falls out of the tree and lands on my fence. Now I’m being told I’ve got to get myself a lawyer… if I want to keep my half of the kid. How is that fair? And who’s going to reimburse my taxidermy? I have a two-year-old nephew. Two years old, already been to the hospital 27 times for eating pennies off the floor. What the fuck? Honestly… it’s like I can’t drop enough pennies. I’m gonna blow your minds right now. I’m gonna blow your minds out the back of your heads. You ready? I don’t like kids. There’s this nine-year-old girl. Tiny little nine-year-old girl. Tiny little nine-year-old girl lives in my neighborhood… with a glass eye. Scares the shit out of me. Terrifies me to my very core. Anytime she sees me, she just fucking chases me around. Until she gets her eye back. It is the worst… Now, that’s a fun joke for you guys, I’ll explain why. It’s got incredible value. It’s two laughs for the price of one. You get to laugh at what I said, which was hilarious. And then you get a second laugh when you picture me… …stealing a child’s glass eye. And most people when they picture it, they see me just running up and snatching it out of her head and running away. Wrong. You don’t want to just snatch out somebody’s glass eye. You know why? Because if you guess wrong… You guess wrong, now it’s not just a funny prank anymore. Now you’re in some trouble. In fact, that’s how she lost the eye in the first place. What you want to do, if you’re ever in this situation… …hit her on the back of the head, not hard. It’s a child, you don’t want to hurt it. Just hard enough to… get that sweet glass eye.

I find that the older that I get, the more women get upset when you talk about kids. I don’t mean joke about kids, I mean they get upset when the subject of children is brought up. Like, I have a friend who just found out she can’t have kids… according to Child Protective Services.

Hey, did you guys know… Did you guys know the average person eats nine spiders whenever I cook for them?

I don’t know if you guys know what a false premise is, but… I have this cat. I think it must have been a stray cat because anytime it gets outside, it immediately runs off, kills something, drags it back in, and leaves it at my feet. I’ve had this thing for, like, a month and I swear we have got… quite the competition going. I don’t even like cats, if I’m being honest. More a dog guy, me. I used to have a Great Dane. You guys know what a Great Dane is? One of those big, tall, skinny dogs. Marmaduke was a Great Dane, Scooby-Doo. They call them the “heartbreaker breed,” because they normally only live up to eight years, but with the right diet, exercise, attention… I got it down to four. It was great. It was the perfect college dog, it really was.

Oh, you think I can’t tell one more animal joke? Well, fuck you. Listen to this… When I was a little kid, I had a pet turtle. Tiny little turtle, kept him in an aquarium. Then one summer, I went away to camp. While I was gone at camp, the turtle died. When I got home, my dad lied to me. He said, “Anthony, your turtle is alive and well. It just went to go live with your mother.” And I believed that. Till a couple of days later, I was digging around in the backyard… found my mom’s body. Worst day of my life. I loved that turtle.

Now, listen. Look, guys. I know, I know, I am aware that I must seem like a tough, cold son of a bitch up here. In fact, the only time I’ve ever cried in public in my entire life was at my mom’s funeral. I might be a tough, cold son of a bitch, but that doesn’t mean I’m not also… one hell of an actor. My mom was a depressed woman. My mom was a very depressed woman. My mom was so depressed, she had the words “in case of an accident, please do not resuscitate” tattooed… across all of her children. I’d say my mom’s funeral was like ten, eleven years ago now. Last year, I had her body dug up… to settle a legal dispute with my siblings. Turns out I was wrong. That is illegal. – -You can’t just… You can’t just do that. No.

Now, at this point, I should admit my parents were actually pretty reasonable people when they were raising me. Unless they found drugs in my bedroom. Oof… Then they were high for days.

I think the strangest thing in my family, my family was just weird about sex, you know. I was the oldest of five kids in a tiny little house. When my parents wanted alone time, they would gather us together, say, “Kids, go play hide and seek,” and they’d lock their bedroom door for an hour. Of course, I always knew what was going on in there. I mean… I would hide in their room.

My parents were weird about sex, you know. I think the most embarrassed I’ve ever been in my entire life was the time my mom and dad caught me watching hardcore bondage pornography… over their shoulder.

And I’ll never forget… I’ll never forget the first time I had sex. You know those stories you hear, about kids who lose their virginity to the hot babysitter? I was the babysitter. Yeah, I could have opened with that if I wanted to.

I don’t like racism. Thank you. I don’t get it. Why would you hate? Why would you choose to hate? Why would you choose to hate an entire group of people, just because of the way they all behave? I don’t know about y’all. Seems pretty narrow-minded to me.

Now, racism, of course, is… starting to become a problem in this country. I was doing some research. Found out one of my family members used to own slaves. I couldn’t believe it. My own brother. I did even more research. Went even deeper into this bit, found this out. This is a fact. Do you guys know there are actually more slaves in the world today than at any other point in time? A higher number of slaves in the world right now than any other period in history. You think your job is bad? Imagine… counting slaves. If you’re not laughing at this one, I don’t know what the fuck to tell you. I’m not trying that joke out, I am showing off.

Now, I, of course, do not consider myself to be a racist person, but I get mad when people tell me that I can’t understand racism. I understand racism just fine. I once got beaten up by a pack of skinheads. Beat the shit out of me. I was in the hospital for a week, and it was a… a brutal initiation.

Now, we like to have fun. But in all seriousness, you do have to be very careful telling ironically racist jokes once you get to my level. When you’re a bad comedian, you can say whatever you want. I mean, that’s true freedom. You’ve seen those losers, they can fly. Once you get to my level, now you’ve got a responsibility, you know? Like, I once told an ironically racist joke on television. The next day, I got a fan letter from a white supremacist in Jacksonville, Florida. Bone-chilling. He just started praising me. “Thank you so much, Anthony. Thank you for not denigrating the great white race. Thank you for making fun of all the other races the way that it should be. And can I pay you $100,000, come down to Jacksonville, Florida, do a private show just for me and my white supremacist buddies.” I wrote him back right away. And I said, “Absolutely not. You are against every single thing that I stand for, you cheap piece of shit.”

Look, I mean, I consider myself to be a modern man. I try to be tolerant of all different races, cultures, religions. Not so much religions, but the other two for sure. But I’m not always at my best. Sometimes I make mistakes. For example, every single day… Every single day in Los Angeles, my Latino neighbor tries to talk to me. I don’t understand shit. Nine times out of ten, I am polite. I smile and I nod, but the other day, the other day, I was tired, I was hungover, I’d smoked some pot, I’d taken a handful of pills… …and I was not at my best. And I just snapped. And I said, “Hey, asshole. This is America. I don’t speak sign language.” Now, that… that… is a fun joke from me. You think I’m about to make fun of Latinos, I take a hard left. Smack the shit out of the deaf… …for almost no reason. Guys, things like that just make me happy.

There’s not a lot in life that always makes me happy. One thing, one thing that always makes me happy. I love it when I see this. I love it when old married couples… I love it when old married couples die really close together. I love that. I will clip that out of the newspaper every time I see it. To me, there is just nothing more romantic than a good old-fashioned murder-suicide. True. In fact… now that I’m saying this out loud, it’s probably more accurate just to say that I love murder-suicide. Because I do. I mean, don’t get me wrong, guys, I like all of the suicides. But murder-suicide’s my favorite. I have friends who worry about me. They’ll say, “Anthony, why are you so into suicide? You have everything.” Yeah. Everything but a successful suicide attempt. I think I got really into suicide just after college, when I worked at a suicide hotline. Just for a couple of days. Day and a half, really, they got rid of me pretty quick. They said, “Anthony, we’ve got to let you go. Half the people you talk to… …end up committing suicide.” I said, “Guys, that’s hardly fair. Most of those were wrong numbers.”

My point… My point here is this: that you should all trust me. You should all believe me when I tell you that I know my suicide and murder-suicide number one forever. ‘Cause what else you got? Doctor-assisted suicide? Get that weak shit out of here. Fucking kidding me? Teen suicide? Teen suicide? No. College is important. I’m all about… I’m all about murder-suicide. Murder-suicide’s the best. You guys seem like you don’t believe me. That’s okay. I’m a pro. Watch me sell this. You hear your friend Jeff just committed suicide. Your only thought is devastation. “Oh, my God, what could I have done to save my friend Jeff?” You hear your friend Jeff killed his wife and then himself. You just think, “Yikes, Jeff doesn’t fuck around, huh? Holy shit, Jeff! I didn’t know the big guy had it in him. Should have shown Jeff more respect back in the day. Jeff was a boss. He wasn’t cleaning that shit up.”

That… is just one reason… …why murder-suicide is so great. Guys, listen to me. Murder-suicide… is practically a victimless crime. You are… You are allowed to kill your wife. You are allowed to kill your husband. You’ve got to be married, otherwise you seem nuts, but… …you are allowed to murder your spouse, as long as you just kill yourself immediately afterwards. Then there’s nothing they can do. It’s even-steven, you’re above the law. What the fuck is wrong with this crowd tonight? You trying to tell me there are those among you who are still skeptical? You saying there are people here right now who still don’t believe me that murder-suicide is the goddamn cat’s pajamas? Okay. Then think about it like this. You’re walking down the street. Somebody comes up and punches you in the face. You are going to press charges no doubt. But if you’re walking down the street, somebody comes up, punches you in the face, takes a step back, and then punches themself in the face… -“Have a good day, sir.” Right? You wouldn’t even tell your friends about that. Murder-suicide… Shut up! Murder-suicide is a victimless crime as long as you don’t leave behind any kids. Got to kill them, too. That’s right, I was going there the whole time. Now, I am going to leave you all with this. And if you’ve been on the fence about me tonight, one way or another, then please, guys, please… allow me to knock you clean the fuck off.

A couple of months ago… A couple of months ago, I took a friend of mine to get an abortion. Get on board right now if you are going to. This is a very long, very true story. I took my friend to get an abortion. Don’t worry, guys, wasn’t my baby, wasn’t important. I don’t know if you’ve ever done that. Ever helped someone to get an abortion. It’s a big favor. It’s a big favor to do for somebody. Not an easy favor, not an easy favor at all. Don’t get me wrong, I am as pro-choice as they come, but still… the whole time I’m driving her, I’m just thinking to myself, “God damn. There has got to be a better way to… come up with new material.” And, yes, yes, I did just say I’m pro-choice. That does not mean I am pro-abortion. You have other options. If you don’t want your baby, you can still have your baby delivered. Leave it outside any fire station in the country… …they will run it over for you. It’s true. It’s true. It’s the law. Far as I’m concerned, they’ve been heroes since before 9/11. Fun little New York joke for you guys.

Now… Now people hear me tell this story and they always say the exact same thing, “Wow, Anthony, you’re a good friend. You would help someone like that, Anthony. You’re a good friend.” Fuck you. No, I’m not. I’m not a good friend. I’m a great friend. You know the difference? Great friends wake up at six in the morning. Great friends drive to your house. Great friends pick you up and then take you to get your abortion. Good friends… Good friends just babysit. Now, I have given this a lot of thought, a lot of thought. And I still don’t know if it had been my baby, would I have argued to keep it? I think about that saying they always use, you know, “What if your baby turns out to be a great artist someday?” I don’t need that competition. People ask me, “What was it like? What was it like to take your friend to get her abortion?” It was boring. I don’t know why I thought it was gonna be fun and exciting… …but trust me, the only person more disappointed than me that day was the baby, all right? It was so boring. It was just me by myself for two and a half hours in an abortion clinic waiting room bored out of my mind. I don’t know if you’ve ever been to an abortion clinic waiting room before, but… the magazines are not great. The whole place is filled with kids for some reason. I mean, I thought they were kids. Turns out they were just ghosts. -There’s a difference… …sort of, you know? Yeah, that’s the high point of the story. But I’m only halfway done. So I’m in this waiting room for so long and I’m so bored that after a while, my mind just starts to wander, and I start to think about my friend and what she’s going through behind those doors. And then almost immediately, I bring it back to myself. And I think, “Anthony, what are you going to say to her when she walks out of there? You should think of something nice to say. You should have a plan.” Because I’m not going to lie to you guys, I blew it when she walked in there. I didn’t have anything nice prepared, I didn’t have a plan. The doctor called her name, she stood up, turned around to look at me one last time and I panicked. I just went, “Um… “kill ’em in there.” I’m not proud of that, you know? I consider that to be a total failure. Worst part for sure was the fist bump, I know that now. And, yeah, she looked at me like I’m an asshole, but… who is she to judge? But now the pressure is on me. Think of something nice for when she walks out of there. But I’m not good at that. That’s not my specialty. Thinking up nice things to say to people in their time of need. The closest option I could come up with in my own mind was, “Hey, did you lose weight?” I know. I know. Look, I’m not proud of that either, okay? That is useless. I can’t say that to my friend. That is useless. Except for the fact that it made me laugh. And that’s when I realized I am chuckling to myself… …in the waiting room… …of an abortion clinic. I catch myself, I stop, I look up. I see a couple sitting straight across from me. The guy looks away in disgust like he wants to fight me. But the woman leans forward and goes, “Hey, Anthony, big fan.” Which I always appreciate. Never a bad time for that. Literally… …any trimester is good. Couple of minutes later, a nurse walks out, comes right up to me, hands me some paperwork and says, “Hey, are you here for Jessica’s abortion?” And at his point, I was so bored. I just stood up as fast as I could and said, “Wait! Don’t you mean ultrasound?” And then I laughed for quite some time. I mean, really threw my head back on that one. If you’re wondering about the nurse, don’t worry, she was a total pro, did not laugh at all.

So I got a little more time left in this waiting room, and it finally dawns on me, “Anthony, you’re just a terrible person. And you are never going to think of something nice to say to your friend. So why not just get her a present, get her a gift to make her feel better. That way, you don’t have to say anything.” But what do you get for someone who’s just had an abortion? I had no idea. So I Googled it. You can Google that. It worked. A website popped up and I’m glad I looked at it too. It really helped me out. ‘Cause my first thought, commemorative coin, does not exist. -Yeah. Turns out it’s actually never been a thing. I must have dreamed it. My second thought: flowers. Flowers are always good, right? No, not according to this website. This website said, “Do not get her flowers. Flowers are more of a romantic gesture, then she’s got to take them home, put them in water. Do not put her through that on this day.” According to this website, flowers are the worst gift you can get someone after they’ve just had an abortion. Now, I took that advice on the day. I still don’t think I believe it. I feel like we can all agree the worst gift you could get someone after they’ve just had an abortion would be a to-go box. Think of something worse and I’ll change the fucking joke. The answer is “to-go box.” That would be inappropriate. That would be a real bucket of cold water on abortion day. No.

According to this website, there’s only one gift. Only one gift is appropriate after someone has just had an abortion. And that is… a succulent. Do you know what a succulent is? ‘Cause I had to Google that shit too. If you don’t know, a succulent is a desert plant. It’s like a cactus, it’s a plant that doesn’t need water. It’s a plant that gets its nutrients from the air. Give her that. I said, “Absolutely not.” I would never do that to my friend Jessica. I would never be like, “Oh, here you go, Jessica. Here’s something else you never have to take care of.” I would never do that. What am I, a monster? So I didn’t get her anything. She eventually walked out from behind those doors. I didn’t give her anything, I didn’t say anything. I just stood up, I gave her a hug, helped her to the car, drove her home. I sat next to her on her couch, holding her while she cried. I was a great friend that day. Such a great friend that even hours later after she’d stopped crying, calmed down and forgotten about the whole thing forever… …I was still there next to her, writing down all these jokes. Now, my favorite part about having a true 15-minute story about taking my friend to get her abortion to end my shows with are the different reactions I get from the audience. Some people laugh, some people cringe, some people get visibly upset. And the truth is, guys, those are all the same to me. But the best reaction, my favorite reaction I’ve ever gotten from this story was just a couple of weeks ago. A woman in the back of the theater stands up very confidently and she screams out, “Excuse me. Excuse me, Anthony, but what the fuck is so funny about abortion?” And I said, “Lady, I just told you.”

Thank you very much, everyone. You’ve been a wonderful crowd.






I really do love this town. I actually once went on a date with a girl from Chicago. Now, this was like 10 years ago, back before I was even a comedian yet. Back then I was just a regular old piece of shit like you guys. [ Laughter ] But I’ll never forget this date, you know? We meet up at a bar. We start drinking, we start talking. We’re laughing together, we’re connecting. It was great. But then we leave the bar, we go back to her place. And as soon as we walk in the front door, she passes out cold on her couch. Now, I went to college. [ Laughter ] I knew I had a million options. [ Laughter ] But I’m a gentleman, so I did the smart thing. I just got a blanket, I tucked her in, and I left her a note that said, “You got raped.” [ Laughter ] Thank you. [ Laughter ] I feel like it’s very important, very important to open up my show with a rape joke. [ Laughter ] Just to see what kind of crowd I’m dealing with here. You guys are gonna be great. [ Laughter ] But if you were upset or you were offended in any way, please don’t worry. I’ve only got two more rape jokes… [ Laughter ] …and I’ll wait about 15 minutes. But don’t think I’m a bad person for making that joke.

Don’t think I’m a bad guy for saying that. I’m a good guy. Like, I would never hit a woman, you know? I would never hit a woman, even if she had a knife or… a stutter. [ Laughter ] It’s not how I do business. In fact, I might be one of the greatest guys of all time. Like, I’ve got a kid in Africa. Yeah, I’ve got a kid in Africa that I feed, that I clothe, that I school, that I inoculate for 75 cents a day. Which is practically nothing, you know, compared to what it cost to send him there. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] You guys are — You guys are doing great so far. I love performing in Chicago. The only weird thing about performing in Chicago, for me, is that, after all my shows, everybody just wants to do drugs with me. [ Laughter ] Like, “Anthony, that was hilarious. I got a joint on me. Let’s go smoke it.” “Hey, Jeselnik, amazing job, as usual.” [ Laughter ] “I’ve got mushrooms in my backpack. Let’s eat ’em.” And I’ve got to keep telling them the same thing I’m gonna tell you guys right now. “Hey, assholes… …I’m fucking famous. [ Laughter ] Give it to me.” [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] I think my friend Jeff is gay. I don’t know. I’m so bad with names. [ Laughter ] It’s tough. Smart crowd. When I was a kid, my friends and I got arrested for vandalizing a graveyard. $10,000 in damages. But we had a great lawyer who knocked it down to criminal trespassing and necrophilia. [ Laughter ] I make a lot of jokes about death. I think it’s hilarious. [ Laughter ] My whole family’s like that, actually, you know? [ Siren wails ] This is how hard I’m fucking killing. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] My whole family’s like that, kind of, you know? In fact, well before I was even born, my great-grandmother threw herself in front of a bus. Police tried to say she was committing suicide, but the family knew that she was just trying to stop civil rights. [ Laughter and applause ] Yesterday I accidentally hit a little kid with my car. It wasn’t serious, you know? Nobody saw me. [ Laughter ] My little sister had a baby recently. A little newborn. Kid is so cute. But she won’t let me hold him. She refuses. Says, “No way, Anthony. I’m afraid you’re gonna drop him.” Like I’m some kind of idiot. Like I don’t have a million other ways to hurt that baby. [ Laughter ] I will get it done. [ Laughter ] And people get weird when kids die. [ Laughter ] No, that’s a fact. That’s a fact. Like, about a month ago, some kids in my neighborhood were playing hide-and-go-seek, and one of them ended up in an abandoned refrigerator. It’s all anybody talked about for weeks. I said, “Who cares? How many kids you know get to die a winner?” [ Laughter and applause ]

I assume you guys all knew who you were coming to see tonight. But if you didn’t, you sure as shit know now. [ Laughter ] Like, one thing I’ve never understood is, like, the foot fetish. Like, are you guys together right here? Yeah? How long you guys been together? -WOMAN: Five years. -Five years. Wow. Do you ever suck on her feet? No? Would you if you had a different girlfriend? [ Laughter ] Or are you, like, across-the-board no feet? -I don’t really mind it. -You don’t really mind it? You just don’t do it to her because you have mistresses. I get it. ‘Cause I’m across-the-board no feet. I once went on a date with a girl where we went hiking. Her idea. And while we’re hiking, she gets bit by a snake in between two toes. And I had to suck out the poison. So she’s dead.

-What’s your name? -Bridget. -Where are you from, Bridget? -The suburbs. -The suburbs? -Yes, that’s right. That sure narrows it down. [ Laughter ] -What — What do you do? -WOMAN: What? What do you do when you’re not being so fucking boring? [ Laughter ] Take your time. I’m really funny. [ Laughter ] I’m a full-time student. You’re a full-time student. Okay, what do you study? -WOMAN: Psychology. -Psychology. -Where do you go to school? -Rockford College. Rockford College? So you’re not gonna be a good psychologist. Last question, darling. Have you ever been on a blind date before? -You ever do that? -No. No? You’re lucky. I went on a blind date once, just once, and I will never do it again. It was the biggest disaster of all time. She ended up being a burn victim… [ Laughter ] …by the end of the night. I mean, it was, like, the worst… -[ Laughter ] -It was brutal.

I’ve spent the past two years looking for my ex-girlfriend‘s killer. But no one will do it. [ Laughter ] My ex-girlfriend owned a parakeet. Did you guys hear what I just said? [ Laughter ] She owned a parakeet. Oh, my God. That fucking thing never shut up. But the bird was cool. [ Laughter and applause ]
My ex-girlfriend had a lot of, like, really annoying habits. I think the worst was that she loved to read women’s magazines, like Cosmo or, uh… or things like Cosmo. And she would flip straight to the relationship quiz. And not only would she present that to me as if it was, like, a fun activity for us to do together — even though every question is designed to fuck my entire world up. But even worse is she would get mad at my answers and make me change them so we’d get the best score. Like, I’ll never forget the last time we played that game. She was like, “Anthony, if you could have lunch with anyone in the world, living or dead, who would it be?” And I said, “I don’t know. Caligula.” [ Laughter ] And she goes, “Really? Caligula? That’s your answer? That’s what you’re gonna say to me, your girlfriend? Are you sure?” I said, “Oh, I’m sorry, baby. Let me change that. I’d have lunch with you. And you’d be dead.” [ Laughter ]
Yeah, we’re not together anymore. She’s got a new boyfriend now. They just moved in together. And I’ve heard rumors that he’s abusive, which makes me want to go over there with a baseball bat and then blame it on her boyfriend. [ Laughter ] But I don’t want to sound like a misogynist up here.
My ex-girlfriend wasn’t, like, a bad person, really. She wasn’t a bad girl at all. But she was terrible in bed. Terrible in bed. I mean, she would just lie there, screaming, “No!” [ Laughter ] That was rape joke number two, baby doll. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah, clap it up.

My girlfriend now is great. My girlfriend now is almost perfect. And she hates that I tell rape jokes. Hates it. Says, “Anthony, how can you make light of something as terrible as rape after I told you that I got raped in high school?” And I said, “Baby, because I don’t believe you.” [ Laughter ] The point is, my girlfriend is very sensitive, all right? Like, the other day, she got her hair cut. Two inches trimmed off of her hair. Then she came home and cried about that for two hours. Over a haircut. I couldn’t believe it. Finally, I went to her. I said, “Baby, what are you so upset about? It’s just a haircut. I’m the one that’s got to find a new girlfriend.” [ Laughter ] Yeah, she got mad. She got really mad at me. She got really mad at me a couple months ago because she had e-mailed me a naked picture of herself, you know, which is a nice thing to do. But then I screwed up and I accidentally forwarded that e-mail to everyone. [ Laughter ] Now, my girlfriend is furious, mortified, disgusted with me over this. But now I don’t even care about her anymore. ‘Cause now I’ve got to call up my mother on the phone and say, “Mom, I am so sorry about that. That picture, that e-mail… was just for Dad.” [ Laughter ]
My girlfriend and I argue a lot. It’s mostly her arguing with me kind of thing. Like, I should just keep my mouth shut. Every fight we get into is my fault. I should just keep my mouth shut, but I can’t because I’m so fucking funny. [ Laughter ] Like, a couple of nights ago, we go to a party, all right? We get trashed, completely wasted. We wake up in bed the next morning completely hung over. And I know I should just keep my mouth shut, but instead, I roll over, and I say, “Listen, baby, don’t get mad, but I think your mom tried to have sex with me last night.” And she hit the roof. She goes, “Anthony, that’s impossible.” And I said, “Oh. Well, in that case, you should always wear makeup.” [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] I love that joke so much. Here’s why. Did you guys hear, like, the sounds you made? Like that was the worst thing I’ve said tonight? I’ve told three rape jokes. [ Laughter ]
I like to play pranks on my girlfriend, you know, keep things fresh for me, make me laugh, you know? She hates it. But, like, the other night, I put Saran wrap over the toilet seat, you know, which doesn’t sound that original, but she’s bulimic. [ Laughter and applause ] I like that you laugh until I look at you, and then you stop laughing. ‘Cause you don’t want to give me the satisfaction. [ Laughter ] That’s great. You seem like a cool girl in a completely different environment. [ Laughter ]
But we’d make it work, you know? Like, how long have you guys been together right here? -MAN: Three years. -Three years, okay. What would you say is, like, the secret to a good, long relationship? Communication. Communication. Wrong. [ Laughter ] The secret is trying new things together, especially in the bedroom. The other night, my girlfriend and I are in bed together. She says, “Anthony, I want you to pee on me.” Now, I have never thought about peeing on a woman in my entire life. Never even imagined it before. But then I got the green light. And, apparently, it’s my thing. [ Laughter ] Like, I just jumped up right away, you know? But as soon as that begins, she starts screaming at me. Like it’s my fault she talks in her sleep. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] No big deal for me.
My girlfriend yells at me all the time. She yells at me all the time. And, again, I’m a gentleman. I never think it’s okay to yell back at a woman, no matter what. I mean, you saw how I handled that shit right? [ Laughter ] I never think it’s okay to yell back at a woman. But the other night, she yelled at me for so long and so loud that the cops came to the door, which is embarrassing, because now I’ve got to answer my own door and say, “Officers, I’m so sorry. There is no reason for you to be here tonight. I already tased her.”

I’ve got this friend named Kevin. I call him a friend. More of an acquaintance, really. One of those people who think they’re way better friends with you than they actually are. Like, the other day, Kevin says to me, “Hey, man, you know what I like to do when I’m all by myself and no one’s around?” And before I can say, “Hey, we’re not really friends”… [ Laughter ] …he says, “I like to take peanut butter and smear it all over myself and then let my dog lick it off.” I said, “Dude, you have got to get yourself a girlfriend. I’ll trade you mine for that dog.” [ Laughter ]

You guys are fantastic. It’s great. Relax. [ Laughter ] I really love performing at this place. And, you know, it’s a great place to perform. And I would know. I perform all over the world. Clubs, theaters, colleges, festivals. Colleges are great ’cause it’s just me talking to, like, 18- to 22-year-olds, you know, which is ideal. [ Laughter ] And they teach me things all the time, you know. Like, I was at a college recently, and they taught me the term — Have you guys ever heard the term “but-her-face” before? You ever heard that? Yeah. It’s been around for a long time. If you haven’t heard the term, “but-her-face” is like a girl who’s got a really hot body but her face, you know? But her face is all fucked up. [ Laughter ] Now, when I heard that, I thought that was pretty mean, you know. I’ve never dated a but-her-face before. But I did once date a monkeyface. [ Laughter ] Have you guys ever heard of that? It’s different. A monkeyface is like a girl who’s got, like, a face like a total monkey. [ Laughter ] But the rest of her isn’t that hot. [ Laughter ] Yeah, she was one in a million. I would give anything to go back and pee on her. [ Laughter ] I like telling that joke a lot ’cause people think I’m about to be racist with it. Like, “Oh, Anthony, you are racist.” Well, fuck you. I’m not racist at all. Some of my best friends are black for Halloween. [ Laughter ]

Clubs are great. Colleges are great. Festivals, though — festivals are where it’s at. Festivals — it’s like musicians and comedians hanging out all week. You never get to do that. I got to go to South by Southwest in Austin, Texas, last year, which is a great festival. But I didn’t realize how popular it gets. I drive into town. I’m like, “Hey, where’s my hotel room this weekend?” WOMAN: Yeah. Thank you. [ Laughter ] Thank you for backing me up there. I don’t know. I don’t know what story you think we share, but you are wrong. [ Laughter and applause ] “Yeah, I’m on the same page as this famous fucking guy who travels around the world.” We’re cool. We’re good. So, I… So, I get into town. I say, “Hey, where’s my hotel room this weekend?” And they said, “Well, where did you book your hotel room this weekend?” I said, “I didn’t.” And they said, “Yeah? Your hotel room is in your car, you fucking idiot.” [ Laughter ] It’s 2:00 in the morning. I’m trying to fall asleep in the back of my car. And I get a phone call from the festival. They say, “Anthony, good news. There’s a hotel about three miles away. They have one room that just became available. If you get there right now, right away, they will take care of you.” So I drive as fast as I can. I get there first. Guy behind the front desk says, “Yes, Mr. Jeselnik, we do have one room available. But, by law, I have to tell you that earlier this afternoon, two prostitutes overdosed in that bed.” And I said, “Well, how much more is that?” [ Laughter ] Are you still on board at this point? [ Applause ] But I don’t want to sound like I’m complaining to you guys. I don’t want to sound bitter. Being a comedian is the greatest job in the world, like, greatest job in the world. Once you get to my level. [ Laughter ] The only thing I don’t like is all the travel. I’m always flying somewhere. I’m always in an airport. Even flying into Chicago a couple days ago, two-and-a-half-hour flight delay. I’m stuck in an airport bar talking to some random asshole. And I got nowhere to go. So I’m like, “Hey, man, what do you do?” And he says, and I quote, “Oh, nothing right now. But I used to be a priest.” As in, “Oh shit,” right? But I got nowhere to go. So we keep talking, we keep drinking. Finally, two hours goes by. Guy gets up. He’s like, “Hey, man, I got to catch my flight. But I don’t want to lie to you. I used to be a priest. I got kicked out ’cause I molested a kid.” Now, here’s the thing. After talking to this guy and getting to know this guy for two hours, I have to admit, he was actually a really cool guy, if you could forget about, you know… …all that Jesus bullshit. [ Laughter and applause ] Yeah, that’s a favorite. I’m probably gonna tell it again later. But it’s not all bad news with me, you know? My grandfather turns 100 years old next month. [ Applause ] Maybe. [ Laughter ] I’m… I’m really skeptical. I don’t think I ever got over my grandmother’s death when I was a kid. My grandmother died from a heart attack during my 9th birthday party. Literally while she was eating cake. And I guess that must have screwed me up a little bit, you know? I mean, I still have birthday parties. But now I’m just careful what I wish for. [ Laughter and applause ] My dad’s been having a hard time lately. Keeps on losing his keys. Can’t hang on to a set of keys to save his life. And he has tried everything, too. Little hook next to the door. Little bowl next to his bed. One of those keychains that makes a noise when you whistle, you know. Nothing worked. So, finally, this year for his birthday, the whole family chipped in and we put him in a home. [ Laughter ] And that was not easy. Not an easy decision to make at all. My dad was an amazing man, you guys. My dad was an amazing — My dad raised five boys all by himself… …without the rest of us knowing. [ Laughter ] And, sure, my dad had his problems, you know? He had his issues. My dad was a big-time alcoholic, major-league alcoholic, black-out-every-night kind of alcoholic. But, to his credit, my dad never once laid a finger on either me or my mom, not once. And I don’t know if it was just because he loved us so much or if he just hated my sisters. -But either way… -[ Laughter ] Either way, he was a great dad. I remember a tough time for me. I was like 10 years old. My parents call me into their bedroom. They say, “Anthony, we want to get a divorce. You have to decide which one of us you want to live with.” I was a 10-year-old kid. I didn’t know any better. I just said, “Dad, Dad. I want to live with Dad.” It was heartbreaking. My mom just looked at the floor and said, “Well, whatever you want, Anthony.” And my dad just said, “I don’t want a divorce anymore.” [ Laughter ] That was tough. And maybe the most uncomfortable moment of my life was when my dad gave me the sex talk. Oh, God. The old man was into some really crazy shit. [ Laughter ] But then maybe the greatest moment of my life ever — I think this is, like, a universal things for guys — I’m 12 years old, I’m sneaking around my house, and I found my dad’s porn in the back of the attic. That was a great day. That was a game changer for me. But then the worst day of my life was the day I found my mom’s porn… …in the back of that video store. [ Laughter ] I told that joke recently on “Conan” — that’s right, “Conan”… [ Laughter ] …and immediately afterwards, my mom called me on the phone. And she said, “Anthony, what the fuck? [ Laughter ] Do you really have to make up a joke that makes me sound like I work in pornography and then say it on ‘Conan’? That’s my least favorite joke that you have.” And I just said, “Well, Mom, that’s only because you haven’t heard the other jokes I tell about you that they are not allowed to let me say on ‘Conan.'” -Per example… -[ Laughter ] My mom is crazy. People always like to joke, “Oh, my mom’s crazy.” My mom is ca-razy. Her entire house is filled with nothing but pictures of Princess Diana. And they’re all from right after the accident. [ Laughter ] And most of them she drew. Like, it’s really fucked up, you guys. [ Laughter ] My mom had one of those tiny, little dogs, those little Pomeranians. And she loved it more than any of her kids. To the point that when it finally died last year, she had it stuffed… with another Pomeranian. [ Laughter ] [ Sighs ] And my mom’s been having a hard time lately. She just found out she has to have both of her breasts removed… if she’s ever gonna be good at golf. [ Laughter ] Yeah. That cannot be easy to hear. So I went home to visit — I’m from Pittsburgh, originally — and just hang out with my mom for a little bit, you know? -[ Scattered applause ] -Yeah. Congrats. [ Laughter ] Wanted to go home and hang out with her for a little bit, you know, help her out, cheer her up. But all my mom cares about now is the lottery and me running errands for her. Like, every day. Every day, it’s, “Anthony, go play my numbers. Go play my numbers, please. I don’t want to miss out today.” Finally, after a week of this, I had to say to her, “Mom, are you out of your goddamn mind? Don’t you know you’ve got a better chance of getting struck by lightning than me doing you a favor?” [ Laughter ] Now, one thing I’ve learned in all my years of doing stand-up comedy is that people get really upset. Audiences get really upset if I ever try to tell a joke about suicide. So, because of that, here are four jokes about suicide. [ Laughter ] MAN: Ow! [ Chuckles ] That’s appropriate. [ Laughter ] I’ve got a long history of suicide in my family. The good news is, it skips a generation. So if I’m lucky, my kids will do it. [ Laughter ] I’ll never forget my sister Ashley tried to kill herself last year by throwing herself off a cliff, which is awful. I’m actually the one who found her and had to drive her to the cliff. [ Laughter ] Like I don’t have better shit to do. When I was a kid, my Uncle Tom killed himself. I remember that because the family actually tried to cover it up, make it look like he accidentally shot himself playing regular roulette. [ Laughter ] No one — No was fooled. Just didn’t work. But I think the worst for me was probably my cousin Ty, who killed himself a couple years ago. That was hard ’cause he was just, like, a little bit older than me. I would always go to him for advice. And he was great with it, too, whether I was asking about school or girls, just life in general, you know? He always said the same thing to me. He’d say, “Anthony, kill yourself.” [ Laughter ] I miss that guy. No, you guys have been a great crowd tonight. You’ve gone with me everywhere I’ve wanted you to go. But if you’ve just been sitting there this whole time, thinking, “Anthony, this is all well and good, but where are your offensive jokes? [ Laughter ] Where are your showstoppers, if you will?” Well, guys, I save those for the end. I’m gonna tell you all a series of jokes right now that are going to get increasingly more offensive. [ Cheers and applause ] I like that enthusiasm. Let’s see how far it carries. [ Laughter ] They say it’s easy — They say it’s easy to make fun of retarded people. But let me tell you guys something — It is not. You have really got to explain it to them. [ Laughter ] That was the first one. Every night, my girlfriend comes home from work, and she brings with her a houseplant. She’s like, “Anthony, I had to pick this up. We need a houseplant in our apartment.” And every night, I make her return it. I say, “No way, baby. You can’t take care of a houseplant. You couldn’t even keep your baby alive.” [ Laughter ] Right? Two for two, huh? [ Laughter and applause ] We just, uh — We just found out my little brother has a peanut allergy. A peanut allergy, which is very serious, I know. But, still, I feel like my parents are totally overreacting. They caught me eating a tiny little bag of airline peanuts, and they kicked me out of his funeral. [ Laughter ] I feel like some of you guys might be too nice to laugh at some of these jokes. And that’s okay. Not everybody has a great sense of humor. [ Laughter ] You guys would probably love my little nephew. He’s like 6 years old. So cute. I talk to him every day on the phone. He’s unbelievable. He’s got, like, the greatest imagination ever. He’s either gonna be an incredible artist someday or he really did get molested. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] I wasn’t even laughing about that one. I was thinking about what’s coming. [ Laughter ] I feel like I need to say, like, I really believe this, that being a mother seems like one of the toughest jobs in the world. Like, literally, right below comedian. [ Laughter ] So, to me, if a mother does her best, then, in my book, she’s a good mom, all right? Now, my mom did her very best. Unfortunately, she was also a terrible person. Like, my mom, for most of her life — and this is true — my mom, for most of her life, was a Holocaust denier. Does everybody know what that means? [ Laughter ] It means she couldn’t believe the Holocaust happened. It’s, like, the worst thing you can be. And it was terrible for the entire family to have to deal with until, finally, a couple years ago, we had an intervention. And we had a rabbi come into the home, had him walk her through the history of the Jewish people, and then he made her watch “Schindler’s List.” And after that, my mom did a complete 180. Now she can’t believe it only happened once. [ Laughter ] I’m glad you guys enjoyed that one. [ Laughter ] Because my mom was also really racist, too. Like, when I was a kid, my mom thought it was smart parenting, she thought it was a good idea to try to convince me that Santa Claus was black. Because then that way, when I eventually found out he didn’t exist, it wouldn’t be that big a letdown. [ Laughter ] Three more. [ Laughter ] I’m not a religious person. I would call myself an atheist. I don’t have a good story behind it. I’m just reasonable. [ Laughter ] But my girlfriend [Chuckles] My girlfriend has got, like, the greatest story behind why she’s not religious anymore. She said, when she was a kid, like 12 years old, her parents nailed a 25-pound crucifix to the wall right above her bed. And about two weeks later, in the middle of the night, the crucifix falls off the wall and leaves a two-inch gash in the back of her dad’s head. [ Laughter ] Yeah. Like, whether you laughed or not, you got to admit, that’s a fucking great story. [ Laughter ] Now, one thing that drives me crazy with my girlfriend now is that she’s got, like, a million shoes. Like, a million shoes. And she doesn’t even like to wear them. I swear she just likes stealing from the Holocaust Museum. [ Laughter ] Now, that joke, you’re either laughing or you’ve simply never been to the Holocaust Museum. [ Laughter ] You got to believe me. It’s like a Nike factory in there. [ Laughter ] But if you haven’t been, you should go. It’s important. [ Laughter ] Now, people who fly a lot the way that I do, people who fly all the time, they all say the same thing to me. They say, “Anthony, there’s nothing worse than a baby on an airplane. Nothing worse than a baby on an airplane.” But I disagree. I can give you guys four examples of when having a baby on an airplane was awesome. Although they were all on 9/11. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] Now, this is the ideal time to tell you guys that I love to meet fans after the show. I like when people come up and say, “Anthony, you’re a genius. Anthony, best show I’ve ever seen.” And that’s it. I don’t ever want to hear anything else. If you’ve got a bone to pick with me over something I’ve said tonight, instead, you should just shut the fuck up. [ Laughter ] Because, seriously, I know more about comedy than you do, and you came to see me. [ Man shouts indistinctly ] Like I said, shut the fuck up. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] But, still, even after I’ve just said all that, you still feel like you need to come up and bitch, well, then, I will be as polite as I can possibly be. However, it is ill-advised. Because you will end up as a joke in my act… [ Laughter ] …much like the blind guy who came up and complained to me in Seattle after a show. He walked up and said, “Anthony, Anthony. [ Laughter ] Why didn’t you tell any blind jokes tonight? I came here to hear blind jokes tonight.” And I said, “Well, here’s a blind joke.” [ Laughter ] Another good one for me was the lesbian in Portland who ran up after a show. And I know she was a lesbian because she ran up and yelled out, “Anthony, I’m a lesbian! And I thought you were really funny tonight, but you’re just lucky you didn’t make any lesbian jokes up there. ‘Cause I would have gotten really mad if you had made fun of any lesbians tonight.” And I wanted to say to her, “Hey, do you realize that that makes you a terrible person and that you have no sense of humor? Plus, you’re an idiot if you felt okay laughing at all the other messed-up things I joked about but you’d have gotten really upset if I’d made fun of you or something you care about.” And I was gonna say all that, but then I remembered, “Anthony, she’s a lesbian. She knows.” [ Laughter ] My second-favorite post-show interaction of all time had to be — I was in Boston a couple years ago, and a very drunk girl — they’re always very drunk — ran up to me. And she screams out, “You should never make fun of the Holocaust!” And I said, “Why?” You know, just to be a dick. [ Laughter ] And she says, “Because I lost family in the Holocaust.” And I said, “Well, you don’t look Jewish.” And she said, “Listen, asshole. There are certain lines you’re not supposed to cross, certain boundaries you’re never supposed to push.” And I said, “Hey, hey, hey. I just gave you a compliment.” [ Laughter ] But my favorite — the best, most unbeatable, never-gonna-happen-again post-show interaction of all time had to be just — just about a year ago. I was performing in Orlando, Florida, home of Casey Anthony. And this is right after the trial, like immediately after the trial. And I said, “Listen, everybody, I don’t understand what the big deal is here. Of course Casey Anthony is innocent. If she’s guilty of anything, it’s killing her baby.” [ Laughter ] Now, after the show, I’m taking pictures, signing tits — You know how it is. [ Laughter ] And a guy walks up to me, totally sober, looking very upset. And he says, “You need to do me a favor,” which is a terrible way to start. He says, “You need to never tell another Casey Anthony joke ever again.” And I said, “Why?” You know, just to be a dick. [ Laughter ] And he says — I’ll never forget this. He says, “Because her daughter, Caylee Anthony, is my niece.” And I said, “Bullshit.” At which point he takes out his phone, sadly hits a couple buttons, and he shows me a picture of him holding little Caylee Anthony, in happier times, of course. [ Laughter ] And he says, “See? See, you son of a bitch?” And I said, “No, man, I believe you. I just mean she was your niece.” Thank you very much, everybody. Have a great night. Thank you so much. -Thank you



Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, San Francisco.
Thank you so much.
So good to be here.
People were surprised
when I told 'em I was gonna
tape my special in San Francisco.
Said, "Why would you do that?
That's the most politically
correct city in the world."
Not when I'm on stage, it's not.
I love this place.
One of my favorite cities to perform in.
It's a good place to hang out.
Got to walk around a little bit today.
Saw a baby.
Saw a baby locked
inside the back of a hot car.
So it's been a great day.
Love that.
Don't get me wrong. I'm not a monster.
I tried to help the baby.
Tried to throw a rock through the window.
Window was down.
Ruined that baby's whole weekend.
It was worth it.
I love San Francisco.
One of my favorite things is
how beautiful all the women are here.
Yeah. Women in San Francisco
are gorgeous.
I say that despite what's...
going on in this crowd tonight.
But you guys live here.
You guys live here. You've seen 'em.
I was in a bar last night,
saw this beautiful woman.
Like a supermodel.
I walked up, I was like,
"Hey, where you from?
What do you do?"
She goes, "Oh, me?
I live here in San Francisco.
I'm a brain surgeon."
I don't know if this makes me sexist,
but I was really impressed.
You know? I mean...
Most women... can't pull off sarcasm.
This is gonna be a good show.
See, that joke, that joke is a test.
To see if you guys are cool or not.
That thing about the baby in the car,
that's just me clearing my throat.
That joke's the test.
If you guys laugh at that joke,
whole show goes great.
You don't laugh at that joke,
whole show goes bad.
And I've had shows go very, very bad.
Doesn't matter to me at all.
Now, this next joke,
this next joke is a test
to see how cool you are.
I, uh...
I used to have a son.
Already some of you see
where this is going, that's good.
That's good.
I used to have a little
two-year-old son, but he died.
The same way Eric Clapton's son died.
For inspiration.
I'm not gonna lie, this is the best
that joke has ever done.
You guys kinda laughed,
then started talking to each other
for some reason.
Then started clapping, that is amazing.
Most people just boo me.
But if you didn't understand
the joke... don't worry.
It's a complicated joke,
a lot of things you gotta know.
That joke is like an onion.
You've gotta know who Eric Clapton is.
Not a given these days.
You've gotta know about his kid.
You gotta know how clumsy
that little lad was.
You gotta know about that
terrible fucking song.
And then you gotta think all that's funny.
Now, I gotta get to know
you guys a little bit.
Starting with you for sure.
I can tell you're a big comedy fan
and bat-shit insane.
Did you just come
from the fucking dentist or what?
What is your name?
- Peggy Jo.
- Peggy.
Peggy, what do you try to do?
Not a lot, I'm disabled.
You're disabled?
I know you're disabled.
Is this your husband with you?
Okay.
Sir, what do you do,
so I can move the fuck on.
- I'm an electrician.
- You're an electrician?
Great. That's an honorable job.
That's a good job to have.
I'm sure you shock the shit out of her
on a daily basis.
Electrician.
It's a wonderful job.
There's a lot of bad jobs out there,
I'll tell you that right now.
Lot of bad jobs.
Hell, my Uncle John
runs a summer camp for...
kids about to get molested.
I know, right?
I know, it sounds awful.
Sounds awful,
but he loves it. He's like...
Says he's never worked
a day in his life.
Doesn't pay much, but the benefits...
Do you guys have any kids? How many?
I have one, and he has two.
Okay.
You guys ever done that thing
where you go online
and see how many
sex offenders live around you?
Isn't it crazy?
Isn't it way more than you'd think?
You think it might be like one or two.
No, it's like chicken pox.
I went online, 15 child molesters.
Fifteen child molesters
within five miles of my apartment.
So, why do we always
have to meet at my place?
And if you're wondering,
"Anthony, this is great,
but are all of these jokes
gonna be about hurting children?"
I don't know, probably.
Seems like something I would do.
I of course live in Los Angeles.
I've got a nice place.
Obviously.
My brother's been staying with me,
which has been awful.
My brother is crazy.
Even my neighbors hate him.
The other day I opened the door,
I caught him masturbating.
He looks me right in the eyes and goes,
"Shut the door."
I said, "Get inside."
My family loves it
when I put them in jokes. They love it.
"Anthony, please,
put me in your next joke."
"Are you sure? I'm gonna
make you a pedophile."
"We don't care. We wanna be part
of this thing you've got going on."
So I wrote that joke, put my brother in.
I'm in Chicago, where he lives.
After the show, he comes backstage
and I say, "Mikey,
what'd you think about that new joke?
Did you like the shout out?"
And he gets all uncomfortable.
He goes, "Well, crowd seemed
to think it was funny...
but I think it's kinda weird
that you got a joke
where you wanna fuck me."
And I said, "What, Mikey? No!
No, Mikey. You're my brother.
That's a joke about you
masturbating in front of my house."
And he goes, "Yeah, and then
you're like, 'Get back inside.'"
Just in case you guys are wondering
whether my brother's a fuckin' idiot.
Yeah, I've got a nice place.
Try to keep it nice.
Not always successful.
Like, I tried getting a puppy.
Disaster.
Had to get rid of that puppy.
Had to get rid of that puppy
almost immediately.
The first time I left it home alone,
the first time
I left that puppy home alone,
that damn thing
tore my entire place apart,
shit everywhere,
and starved to death.
Why are you mad?
I'm the one who couldn't
get his money back.
And this is traditionally where
crowds really start to turn on me.
After I kill a puppy with neglect.
And it's okay.
It's okay, you can get mad at me.
You can hate me.
You can hate me and still laugh at me.
That's how talented I am.
And I'm used to it. I'm used to it.
I once dated a girl who punched me
in the face as hard as she could.
Once dated a girl, punched me right
in the face as hard as she could.
I didn't do anything about it.
I didn't say anything about it.
I just turned around and left the room.
But in my head, in my head,
all I was thinking was...
"Now we're even."
She was so mad.
She got mad at me.
She got mad at me
'cause I killed all of her plants.
Killed every single one
of her house plants.
And she had told me.
She said, "Anthony,
I'm going out of town for two weeks.
Give each one of these half a cup
of water every other day."
But I'm a dude.
All I heard was "two weeks"
and "cheat on me."
Like my neighbors in L.A...
My neighbors in L.A. have got this
smokin' hot 18-year-old daughter.
I mean, she's perfect.
But she just got a tattoo
of a butterfly over her chest.
Which is horrible.
Doesn't she understand how dumb
that's gonna look some day,
all stretched out over my lamp?
Yeah, that's a joke.
That's a joke where I'm a serial killer.
I'm very open about it.
Don't you dare tighten up on me.
I hate sensitivity.
I hate it.
Even when little kids get sensitive,
that makes me mad.
I got a six-year-old nephew.
I asked what he wants for
his birthday. He said, "Uncle Anthony,
I want you to get me a Barbie doll."
I said, "Fuck you."
"You six-year-old piece of shit."
And don't get me wrong.
Don't get me wrong,
I don't care if he plays with dolls.
He can wear dresses if he wants to.
But I'm not getting him a Barbie doll.
You see, Barbie dolls give little boys
unrealistic expectations...
...of how easy it's gonna be
to tear off a head.
I won't do it.
I get really mad when people
get sensitive about comedy.
If you're sensitive about comedy,
it's the dumbest thing you can do.
I call them the joke police.
They always have one rule,
one rule they have.
You can't make fun of this right now.
After a couple years,
they move on to something else,
which is why it's so hypocritical.
Like the thing today,
the thing right now
you can't make fun of,
the thing that's too sensitive
at this moment?
Trans-gendered people.
See?
You can't do it.
Can't make fun of them.
It's too sensitive.
In fact, you can't even call them
"chicks with dicks" anymore.
No. No.
You have to call them
"men who talk too much."
Right?
But I hear this all the time.
People'll be like,
"Anthony, that was really funny.
But, man, women must hate you.
Women must come to your shows
and hate the shit out of you."
And I always say, "No. No.
Stupid women hate my shows."
"Stupid women hate my shows.
Smart women... don't come to my shows."
Speaking of which, what's your name?
- What? Kim.
- Kim.
- Kim, where you from?
- San Jose.
San Jose? Okay.
What do you do, Kim?
Um, I'm a branch manager.
- Like for a bank? For a Pizza Hut?
- No, for...
What? What the fuck?
Where'd you go to school?
- UC Santa Cruz.
- What'd you study?
- Economics.
- Economics? Okay.
You ever gonna use that someday?
I had to go to Catholic school
when I was a kid.
Hated Catholic school.
Hated Catholic school more than anything.
The nuns were vicious.
They would hit me with a ruler,
slap me in the face.
Anything to defend themselves.
You guys loved
the shit out of that one, huh?
Hated school.
When I was in the fifth grade,
one of my classmates got cancer.
Came down with the cancer.
Which was sad.
But the story is actually cool
and inspiring.
Every single guy...
Every single guy in the school, we all...
shaved our heads to make fun of him.
Yeah.
No, it was great.
It was great, we did it for like a month.
We would have kept doin' it, but you know.
You know how cancer gets.
You guys ever... You guys ever
trace back your family history?
Go back a couple generations
in your family tree,
find out embarrassing shit
you wish you didn't know?
I traced my family tree back,
found that I actually had family
fighting on both sides in World War II.
Humiliating.
The piece-of-shit side of my family fought
for the Nazi infantry in Germany,
while the bad-ass Jeselniks
were here in America
spying for the Germans.
I assume everyone is drinking tonight?
- Yeah!
- Yeah!
Whoo!
That's good. I love to drink.
Love it. Do it all the time,
every day, always have.
I don't know where it comes from either.
Even my parents tell me,
when I was just a little baby,
I used to climb out of
my crib every morning,
and then crawl over
to the liquor cabinet...
to try to spend time with them.
I like San Francisco, so liberal.
So liberal. Clap your hands here.
Clap your hands if you own a gun.
San Jose is in the house, huh?
Not too bad.
I once asked the crowd
in Houston that question.
They just started firing guns in the air.
Didn't even let me finish the question.
I don't own a gun.
I'm against guns, to be honest.
When I was a kid...
When I was a kid, my parents had a gun.
My parents said we had to have a gun.
Gotta have a gun to protect
the five children.
Gotta have a gun
to protect our five children.
Of course, they eventually
got rid of it...
to protect their four children.
I'm not gonna lie,
it was fun while it lasted.
I was getting pretty good towards the end.
Man, my parents were strict.
Mom and dad were strict.
My mom and dad once made me smoke
an entire pack of cigarettes.
An entire pack of cigarettes
in one sitting.
Just to teach me an important lesson
about brand loyalty.
I learned a lot from my parents.
Especially my dad.
Like, I'll never forget...
the first time I ever got
a bad report card in school.
First time I got a bad report card,
I brought it home,
I gave it to my dad
and my dad beat me.
Beat the hell out of me.
But I learned something.
Because the next time I got
a bad report card in school,
I brought it home
and I gave it to my mom.
Let her take the hit.
Yeah.
My dad was a hard-ass.
One of those guys who believed that
men just learn by doing things.
You know? You don't take classes.
You don't read the instructions.
You just do it and figure it out.
Like, when I was a kid,
I never got to take swimming lessons.
No, my dad would pick me up
and throw me in the water
to teach himself CPR.
As a kid, my dad's prized possession,
my dad's favorite thing
in the world growing up?
My dad was the proud owner
of a Mickey Mantle rookie card.
Mickey Mantle rookie
baseball card, mint condition.
Kept it between two
little pieces of plastic.
But I was a kid.
I didn't know any better.
One day I took that card to school
and I traded it to a classmate
for a candy bar.
You know what that card is worth today?
My relationship with my father.
I mean it, my dad was no joke.
My dad did not fuck around.
My dad did not trust anybody.
My dad did not trust anyone.
In fact, he had a saying...
but he wouldn't tell me.
What, too clever for you?
That joke is fuckin' amazing.
Last year was a sad year for my family.
Last year, my mom should've been
celebrating her 60th birthday.
But because of drugs, alcohol
and other terrible decisions,
we all forgot.
It was sad.
When I was a kid, I used to fantasize
about getting older,
growing up and having money,
and buying my mom
nice things for her birthday.
When I was a kid, we were poor.
So poor I remember,
just so I could go to my senior prom,
just so I could go to my senior prom,
I had to sell my
U.S. passport on the street.
Sold my passport
on the street for 300 bucks
to get to go to my prom.
Of course this was before 9/11 so...
my bad, everybody.
Weird joke to clap for, but sure.
My mom should've been on one
of the planes that crashed on 9/11.
I think.
I mean, don't get me wrong,
I loved my mother.
She was my mom, of course
I loved her. We fought a lot.
My mom could be very racist.
Very racist.
And I do not tolerate racism.
That's ignorance and I hate that.
When I was a kid, like nine years old,
I'd come home after school.
Once in a while, I'd bring a friend
over to play with me at my house.
Once in a while,
I'd bring a black friend over.
And when I did that,
my mom would act weird.
She'd pull me aside and say,
"Anthony, who's your new friend?
Is he a drug dealer?"
And I would say,
"Shut up, Mom, that's racist.
Put your money away."
I never get to see
my family anymore, really.
Most of them are in jail, to be honest.
And we never talk, write letters
or any of that shit.
'Cause they're all in jail
for the exact same thing.
My testimony.
You.
- What's your name?
- Melissa.
- Melissa, where you from?
- Santa Clara.
- What do you do?
- I win things on the radio.
- You win things on the radio?
- Yeah.
Follow-up question,
how'd you get tickets to this?
Let me ask you this.
You ever, uh... you ever find a body
in the woods? Ever do that?
No?
It's okay. I have.
I was walking
through the woods one day and...
some poor bastard had stepped
in a bear trap or something.
I never told anybody about it.
But I went back there a week later,
and he was dead.
Yeah.
I do crazy shit like that all the time.
What can I say? I'm wacky.
The other night I was driving my car.
I was driving my car
and I ran over a deer...
a dear, dear friend.
I'm torn constantly. At night, I do shows,
but during the day, I've got a hobby.
During the day,
I go from town to town...
and I shut down the local abortion clinic.
You heard me.
I shut down abortion clinics
everywhere I go.
It's easy for me. I'm charming.
I stand outside the front doors
all day long and...
consistently underbid them.
You guys mad about that one?
It's gonna get so much fuckin' worse.
Gotta talk to one more person.
You, sir. What's your name?
- Allan.
- Allan, where you from?
- Frisco.
- Frisco.
I can tell you're a local
'cause of how cool you are.
What do you do, Frisco?
- I fight fires. I fight fires.
- You what?
You're a firefighter? Awesome.
What do you wanna do?
If you could do anything.
If you could do any job in the world,
what would your dream job be?
- Travel the world.
- Travel the world.
It's good to have a dream.
I hope you go for it.
It doesn't sound like
you're even gonna get close.
I think you should do it.
Travel the world.
Do it. Everyone should try
to live their dream, that's my point.
Everyone.
I get to live my dream.
I mean, not when I'm in San Francisco,
but for the most part.
Being a comedian was my dream.
'Cause no one can tell me what to do.
That's all I cared about.
Most people don't ever
try to live their dream.
Lot of people try and they fail.
Which I think is better,
more noble, more respectable.
I had an uncle. All he ever dreamed about,
cared about, talked about...
wanted to become an astronaut.
Fly into space one day.
And he went for it.
He went for it.
And he failed. He blew it.
Ended up becoming one of those pussies...
...on the Space Shuttle Challenger.
You guys remember that, right?
I think it's funny.
I think it's funny how the things
that happen to us when we're kids
end up staying with us
for our entire lives.
I got this little niece.
When she was three years old,
she almost drowned.
And now to this day, even ten years later,
she still will not go anywhere near me.
Yeah, I was babysitting her...
and trying to do laundry.
And she accidentally
fell into the washing machine.
Thought I was quick. I got good reflexes.
I thought I got her out
before anyone would find out
what happened, but nope.
Turned everything pink.
You're gonna find out a lot
about yourselves on this next one.
Hey, did you guys know...
Did you guys know
that when a newborn baby...
when a newborn baby is first born,
when it's fresh out of the womb...
it can actually hear and see
everything around it...
for up to ten seconds
after it's decapitated?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I never know what to say.
I never know what to say to someone
after they've lost a baby.
What do you say to someone
after they've lost a baby?
"Oh, I'm sorry for your loss"?
Doesn't cut it.
"Are you gonna be okay?" Not even close.
That's why I just keep my mouth shut.
Let my lawyer do the talking.
I'm not good with kids. That's my point.
That's what this whole thing's about.
I'm not good with kids. Not gonna lie.
Hell, a couple of months ago,
I dropped my cousin's baby.
Flat-out dropped
my cousin's baby on the ground.
But I don't feel like that was my fault.
I don't feel responsible
for that one, you know?
Who in their right mind...
who the hell in their right mind
would ever ask me,
Anthony Jeselnik,
to be a pallbearer?
It's okay, people hate...
people hate dead baby jokes.
They hate them.
They hate them.
It's like, "Anthony, why do you have
to tell dead baby jokes?
Why do you have so many dead baby jokes?"
"No one likes them, why do you insist?"
Well, I'll tell you why.
Because dead baby jokes have made me rich.
And who was it?
Who was it who said
the first million is the hardest?
Was it Hitler?
Didn't see that one coming, did you?
That was a good response.
Most audiences
just pretend I didn't say it.
But I like it. I like making Hitler jokes.
It's cool for me.
I enjoy it. Hell, I lost my grandfather.
I lost my grandfather
in the Holocaust Museum.
It was the Holocaust Museum of Modern Art.
Which is just like
a normal Holocaust museum,
except you walk around all day
being like, "Oh!
I should have thought of that."
My grandmother died about a year ago.
And I didn't think
anything could ever be worse
than when my grandmother passed away.
But I was wrong.
It was fine.
The hard part, the upsetting part...
was that we thought she died
in the way that she wanted.
She wanted to die
in the best way possible, like uh...
You, radio winner.
What's the best way you can die?
This is not a trick question.
- In your sleep?
- Yes, thank you.
Thank you, everybody wants
to die peacefully in their sleep.
Not me.
I want to be alert, awake,
surrounded by friends,
in a house fire.
But my grandmother
wanted to go peacefully in her sleep.
We thought that's how she went.
We were all excited for her.
But then we did an autopsy.
Found out she actually died horribly,
in the worst way possible.
During an autopsy.
It was fucked up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She always said her grandkids
didn't pay enough attention to her and...
and she was right.
She was dead on.
But I loved my grandma.
Loved her very much.
My grandma taught me about a lot.
Taught me what religion is.
Taught me everything
you can know about religion,
in one quick story. I'll tell you now.
When I graduated from high school...
When I graduated, my grandma came to me,
gave me a big hug,
said, "Anthony, I'm so proud of you.
You're my first grandchild
to get to go to college.
What can I do for you, what can I give you
before you go to college?"
And I said, "Honestly, Grandma,
all I need from you is money."
Yeah, I know you guys have never been,
but college is expensive.
And my grandma said,
"Okay, Anthony, I understand."
Couple months go by.
It's the end of summer.
I'm packing up my dad's car,
getting ready to go to school,
and my grandma walks up.
Says, "Anthony, here,
before you leave, take this."
And she handed me a brand-new Bible.
King James Version.
And I said, "Thanks, Grandma,
that's exactly what we talked about."
I got in the car and I went off to school.
Couple of weeks go by,
I'm hanging out in my dorm room,
having a good time, when the phone rings.
It's my grandma.
"Anthony, just calling
to see how college is going."
"Grandma, college is the best.
I'm having the time of my life.
But to be honest, I'm starting
to run low on money,
and I could use a little bit,
like we talked about."
She said, "Okay, well let me ask you this:
Have you been reading your Bible?"
And I said, "Totally, Grandma,
I'm on chapter four."
She said, "Okay, Anthony,
I guess I'll talk to you later."
Hung up the phone.
Couple of months go by. Now I'm really
starting to struggle financially.
Might have to drop out of school,
so I call my grandma in a panic.
I say, "Please, it's Anthony.
I'm having the time of my life in college.
But if I wanna graduate, and I do,
I need you to send me some money
like we talked about."
She said, "Anthony, let me ask you this:
Have you been reading your Bible?"
And I said, "Yes, Grandma!
I wish it was longer!"
And she said, "Okay, Anthony.
I guess I'll talk to you later."
Finally, it's the end of the school year.
I've got straight A's,
but I'm dropping out of college,
'cause I have no more money left.
And I'm furious, close to tears,
cleaning out my dorm room,
when the phone rings. It's my grandma.
"Anthony, I heard you're dropping out
of school today. How come?"
And I said, "You know
goddamn well how come, Grandma!
'Cause you wouldn't give me any money."
She said, "Anthony, let me ask you this:
Did you read your Bible?"
And I just hung up the phone.
I was so pissed off.
Took everything out of that room.
Last thing I took off the shelf,
the last thing I took out of that room,
was that Bible my grandma had given me.
Took it off the shelf,
held it in my hands,
and for the first time,
I actually opened it up.
And on the very first page,
in my grandmother's handwriting,
it said, "Fuck you."
Thank you everyone.
I hope you enjoyed the jokes
I prepared for you tonight.
And all the jokes I write,
they're all made up, they're all fake,
except for Eric Clapton
and the Challenger.
Everything else...
everything else is fake.
But everything I'm about to tell you,
from here until the end of the show,
that's all true.
Now...
I don't tell dark jokes
because I'm a comedian.
I'm a comedian because I tell dark jokes.
I'm kind of fucked up, all right?
I've always been this way.
I can't really help myself.
It gets me into trouble a lot.
I lose friends.
It's ruined relationships
with people in my family.
For instance, my grandmother
actually did pass away,
about six months ago.
I did love her very much.
She was a big fan of mine.
And I was asked to speak at her funeral,
which was a horrible mistake.
Horrible mistake.
No one should ever ask me
to speak at anyone's funeral.
I asked a friend for advice.
Was like, "I've never
talked to a group of people
without getting paid a lot of money.
How should I handle this?"
"Anthony, just go up there
and tell a story.
Find one moment about you and your grandma
you can share with everybody.
And don't tell a joke. Try not to."
So I walked up and was like,
"You know what my favorite memory was?
When I was like four years old,
before I learned to read,
Grandma would curl up with me
on the couch,
she had this Southern accent,
and she would read to me.
She would read Mark Twain to me,
and I loved it. Like...
Mark Twain out of my grandma's mouth,
it would just come to life."
And then I couldn't help myself.
I said,
"And I know my grandma loved it too,
because it combined
her two favorite things:
spending time with her grandchildren,
and using the 'N' word."
Now I promise you... I promise you...
until you've heard your grandfather gasp
at his own wife's funeral...
...at a Methodist Church
in Vicksburg, Mississippi...
you are not a real comedian.
I am a real comedian.
I am a pure comedian.
I think I'm one of the best
comedians of all time.
But here's the thing.
It doesn't matter if you believe me.
It really doesn't matter.
The important thing is that
I would pass a lie detector test.
I like to test myself.
I like to test myself by joking
about horrible things and nothing but.
One of my favorite ways to test myself,
I like to joke about tragedies
the day that they happen.
The day they happen.
I don't believe in too soon.
I'm on a tight schedule.
And I'm good at it. I'm good at it.
Like, the day of...
the day of the Aurora, Colorado
Batman movie theater shooting.
The day it happened,
I went online, I went on Twitter,
and I tweeted "Other than that,
how was the movie?"
Right?
Right? Nailed it.
Nailed it.
And the reason I get away with that...
the reason I get away with stuff like that
is I'm just the guy who does it.
People are used to it from me.
It would be weird if I didn't make a joke
the day of a tragedy.
Which is why I was very surprised
when I got in a lot of trouble
the day of the Boston Marathon.
Now, I don't follow the news regularly.
But I know the second a tragedy happens
because I get 25 text messages
saying, "Don't do it."
And whenever I see that...
whenever I see that, it makes me sad.
It makes me sad 'cause I know
something horrible has happened.
People will say, "Anthony,
what's funny about Aurora?
What's funny about the Boston Marathon?
What's funny about
your grandmother's funeral?"
Nothing!
Nothing is funny about those things.
That's where I come in.
So I see these texts and I'm like,
"Oh, no, what happened?"
But I also think, "I've got a job to do."
So I go online, I start reading about it.
I don't want to watch the footage.
But I'll read about what happened.
And I think, "How can I make
someone laugh today?"
And then I think, "I got it."
I go back on Twitter.
And I tweet, "Guys, today, there are just
some lines that should not be crossed."
"Especially the finish line."
And again, I think,
"Nailed it. U.S.A.! U.S.A.!"
But then my phone starts to ring.
And it's my boss.
Or should I say my former boss.
And they say,
"Anthony, this is unacceptable.
You are not just a comedian today.
You're also the host of your own TV show,
with your name in the title,
on our network.
You take this joke down right now
or you're fired."
And I say, "Go fuck yourselves."
And I meant it. I didn't
get into comedy for money or fame.
I know that sounds wrong,
because I'm dripping with both.
I only got into this business
so that no one could tell me what to do.
And they said... Sure.
They said, "Well, Anthony,
you don't understand.
You don't understand at all. If you don't
take this joke down right now,
if you don't delete this joke right now,
not only are you fired,
but the entire cast and crew
of your television show,
about a hundred people,
they're also out of a job."
And I'm ashamed to tell you this.
I'm embarrassed to admit it.
But in that moment, I folded,
and I deleted the joke.
'Cause I'm happy to fight
for what I believe in.
I'm happy to take the consequences
for what I've done.
But what I could not do, cannot do,
is walk up to my cameraman
and say, "Hey, buddy,
no work for you on Monday.
I had this sweet tweet."
Couldn't do it.
But as soon as I hit delete,
I got mad and I regretted it.
I would fire every single one of those
fucking assholes now, I'll tell ya that.
And I got mad for betraying myself
and everything I believe in.
I'm just as mad today as I was then.
Just as mad.
So mad, I had to have a meeting
with the network,
where they called me in
for a little lecture.
They're like, "Anthony, we're family.
Why are you so upset?
Can't you see we did you a favor?
Don't you worry about your career?"
Let me ask you, San Francisco,
do I seem like I worry about my career?
No.
You know why people who win the lottery
always end up going bankrupt?
Because if they're worried
about their money,
they wouldn't have played the lottery
in the first fuckin' place.
I do not worry about my career.
And they said, "Anthony, the problem is
when you make a joke on Twitter
the day of a tragedy,
it seems like you're
making fun of the victims,
and that's wrong."
But that's not what I'm doing.
Because, you see, the day of a tragedy,
victims are not on Twitter.
Am I wrong?
Tell me I'm wrong.
The day of a tragedy,
victims have got victim shit to do.
No one is ever...
No one is ever putting on a tourniquet,
asking, "Hey, are we trending?"
No.
This is who I'm making fun of
when I make a joke on Twitter
the day of a tragedy.
The people who see
something horrible happen in the world
and they run to the Internet.
And they run to their social media,
Facebook, Twitter, whatever they got.
And they all write down
the exact same thing:
"My thoughts and prayers..."
"My thoughts and prayers
with the people in Aurora."
"My thoughts and prayers
with the families in Boston."
Do you know what that's worth?
Fucking nothing.
Fucking less than nothing.
Less than nothing.
You are not giving any of your time,
your money or even your compassion.
All you are doing, all you are doing,
is saying, "Don't forget about me today."
"Don't forget about me."
"Lots of crazy distractions in the news,
but don't forget how sads I am."
Those people are worthless
and they deserve to be made fun of.
They're like a wedding photographer
who only takes selfies.
You understand?
Now I'm sure everyone here
has told a joke before
where nobody laughed at it.
It's fine. It's embarrassing,
but it's fun. You can laugh at yourself.
It's not a reason to stop telling jokes.
Maybe some of you have told a joke before
where someone got mad at you for it.
Trust me, that's fun too.
You guys ever tell a joke
and then get death threats?
Well, I guess that's what makes me me.
On my television show,
I once did a segment
that aired once and only once,
before it was banned,
called "Shark Party." All right?
Now...
Some of you enjoyed it,
but if you've never seen "Shark Party,"
you can never see "Shark Party."
It's been wiped off the face of the earth
by the powers that be,
so I will explain it to you.
I love sharks.
I love sharks more than anything.
People... People I can
barely fucking tolerate.
Every single year, 100 million sharks
are killed by human beings.
Every year, 20,
25 people killed by sharks?
So when I hear about a shark attack,
I'm like, "Fuck, yeah."
Win one for the home team.
So as soon as I get this show
where I can do what I want,
I say, "You know what?
I want to have a shark party.
As soon as there's a shark attack,
we're having a shark party."
And I get lucky.
About a month into my run, this guy from
New Zealand gets eaten by a great white,
the champagne of sharks.
And I know exactly what to do.
I've already got the script written.
I walk on stage,
in front of the cameras.
I say, "Ladies and gentlemen,
this guy from New Zealand
has been eaten by a great white shark.
It's time for a shark party."
Lights go down, music comes up.
Six women wearing shark dresses
come out on either side of me,
and we all start dancing.
For way too long.
A stripper wearing a giant shark head
runs out and gives me a lap dance.
Very tasteful.
And then I stand up and we show
a giant picture of the guy who got eaten.
Which, in retrospect,
is where it all went wrong.
But I get to say my favorite thing
I've ever said on television:
"Smile, you son of a bitch. Shark party."
And in America, where I'm famous
for those types of shenanigans...
everybody was like,
"Anthony, that was fucked up."
"It was fucked up to see you dance."
End of controversy.
However, in New Zealand,
where they don't get my show,
they've never seen me,
and frankly, they don't get out much...
the New Zealand media takes the video...
and they show it to the guy's family.
And they say,
"What do you guys think about this?"
And they say, "Crikey," or whatever
the fuck they say over there.
The point is, all of New Zealand,
all of New Zealand rises up against me.
All 45 of those cunts rise up.
And start threatening my life.
Now, I don't read the things that people
write about me on the Internet.
But I pay people who do.
And they come to me,
and they're like,
"We've got some terrible news.
Please sit down."
They say, "You are getting
a lot of death threats online
from New Zealand
because of 'Shark Party.'"
And I was like, "Really?
New Zealand wants to kill me?
That's weird because
they didn't even kill the shark."
I said, "How many
death threats am I getting?"
And they were like "Oh, all of them.
You are getting all of the death threats.
What do you want us to do?
We can send someone to talk to them.
Extra security? What do you want?"
I said, "No, forget about it.
Leave it alone, don't worry."
This might be hard for some to understand.
I've said it several times tonight.
Everyone is going to die.
I know full well I am going to die.
And most of us don't get to choose
how we check out.
But if I die because someone murders me
over one of my jokes?
Best case scenario.
If somebody murders me
over one of my jokes,
I immediately become a legend.
I'm a comedy God.
The Mount Rushmore of comedy is me,
four times.
I said, "Come on then."
My security guys are like,
"Okay, Anthony, well, just so you know,
that is the dumbest thing
we've ever heard."
"But you're the boss. Okay."
And they leave.
And then the next day they come back.
And they say "Anthony,
sorry to bother you again.
I know you didn't care yesterday,
but it's gotten much worse.
You're gonna wanna hear this."
They say, "Someone
from New Zealand tracked down
your mom and dad's phone number
and address in Pittsburgh,
posted that online...
and now your entire family is getting
death threats from New Zealand."
And I have to admit,
that had never occurred to me before.
It never crossed my mind...
that my family, my loved ones,
would ever pay the price,
be caught in harm's way,
for something I've done
or I've joked about.
And honestly, I would
cut my throat for my jokes.
I would give my life for what I do.
But if anyone,
and I mean this for a fact,
if anyone ever hurt my family
or killed someone I cared about
because of a joke I've made?
Even better.
