Nikki Glazer

Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! How’s it going, guys? Good? Let’s get started. Girls, okay, do you remember the first time you found out about blow jobs? Do you remember that day? It should be a different day than the first day you gave a blow job. I hope those were vastly different days for you. I hope you had a lot of time to process that information. I know I needed it. I was… The day I found out about blow jobs, it was a pivotal day of my life. It was… I remember the date actually, it was September 11th, 2001, and I don’t know what else happened that day. Devastated. I… couldn’t understand it. At first I go, “Blow job? Blow? Do you blow on it?” Remember that? Remember for a couple seconds you go, “Do you blow it? Uh!” You wish. You wish that’s all you had to do to it. Oh, that’d be a cakewalk. It’s much more invasive than that. Blowing on it! No, I didn’t… I couldn’t believe you have to like suck it. You have to like French a dick. I was like you… I thought I could, maybe like, mwah, like peck it, but you got to French it. All I knew about penises at this point in my life were that they’re these noodly things that hung between a guy’s legs, they pee from them, and you shouldn’t look at your cousin JD’s when you guys are getting changed to go swimming. Like, that’s all the information I had about penises. And now, one’s going to go in my mouth. Okay, I knew that sex was a thing, a penis would go in my vagina some day, but that was… It’s my vagina. Like, I don’t have tastebuds down there, or whatever… Like, stick whatever you want down there, I can’t taste it, okay? So, I was like, “Who cares about my vagina? But my mouth? That’s where candy goes. Like, I can’t believe you would put a dick there.” I was devastated. And you like… You kind of go, “Maybe I don’t have to do it, maybe it’s something that not every girl does.” And then you realize it’s kind of your destiny as a woman. Like, you’re gonna do it. You know when I realized you have to do it? Is when I found out it was one of the bases. ‘Cause I knew homeplate was sex, and if I ever wanted to have sex, ’cause I wanted to, I don’t know, make a family someday, I was gonna have to… You can’t skip a base, if you want kids you’re going to have to suck some dicks on the way to those kids. That’s the last thing my kids want me doing. Sex made sense ’cause it makes kids. What do blow jobs make, you know? And then you find out, careers. And it’s like, “Okay. I do want one of those. I would like to have one of those.” I got one. You accept it. You’re just like, “Okay, I’ll do that someday. Not today, but it’s going to happen. I…” I accepted it the same way I kind of accept death. I feel like, you know when you find out about dying and you’re like, “Oh, no. I don’t wanna die.” And it’s like, sorry you have to, you were born, so someday you have to suck a dick and die. Like, those are kind of like the touchstones of a woman’s life. You might get to vote and go to college somewhere in there, but then it’s back to sucking dicks and grave time.

And then more information about blow jobs trickles in. Like, okay, if you do a good job at it you’re rewarded at the end with a liquid substance. Hold on, before the liquid you will know it’s about to come because he’s going to turn into a demon for a couple seconds. Sorry. Yeah, that’s a key part of this whole thing. He’s going to shape-shift… No one warned me about that. I’m here to… If someone hasn’t had sex before, I’m here to tell you before he comes, about five seconds before he comes, he turns… Every man turns into Vincent D’Onofrio’s character in Men In Black. You know the… That’s every man is on his way to that. I don’t know. It’s just like a… Like a roach crawling out of your eye, just… It’s frightening. And you’re like, “The liquids, I didn’t know… I don’t know any liquids.” All I know about that comes out of a guy is pee at this point. I’m like, “Is it pee?” They’re like, “You wish. Oh God, again. So naive, ‘pee’.” It’s much more viscous than pee. It’s… Pee has the consistency of like a Gatorade, whereas semen, it’s more like a bum’s loogie, if… It’s what it is. I know it’s gross, but when you like… These are facts and… When you spell it out like that, aren’t you, girls, aren’t you just like… Like, we’re so strong. Like, we… can do anything. Yes. I can’t believe we do it. I couldn’t believe about that liquid. I was just like, “That is awful. Where does it come from?” And then you find out it comes from the sack that rests beneath the noodle, the grossest part of a guy’s body that’s covered in hair and every… The balls! It’s so gross. The liquid’s so gross, the male body has found a way to store it outside of the body, because it’s like, “I don’t want this in me, either.” It’s just a… Balls are just a crock pot for the liquid, that’s been on simmer all day. And then, it drains into your head. I just…

It just kept getting worse. What do you do with it? And that’s where you find out you get to exercise your right to choose as a woman. Thank God, finally. That’s… And that’s a right Congress will never take from us, ladies. Oh, they’ll try. They probably will, but… You have two choices, you can spit or you can swallow. Right, you got to register as one before November 9th. Just make sure you know what you’re gonna do. I knew what I was gonna do. I was registered as a spitter long before I ever got in that booth, you know what I’m saying? I knew I was gonna spit, because I knew about girls who spit and I knew about girls who swallowed. Girls who spit are grossed out by it, and they’re like… “Fuck off, gross.” And guys don’t appreciate it, but it’s far better than a girl who swallows, ’cause I knew girls that swallow… Oh, these sloven whores, they love it. It’s fuel for them. It’s how they survive. It’s the base of a slut’s food pyramid. It’s just a sturdy base of come. And so, I was like, “I’m not gonna be a slut. Like, I don’t wanna be that. So, when I give a blow job I’m totally gonna spit.”

So, I get in there, I give my first blow job and I swallowed immediately, ’cause I was like, “This is disgusting. Let’s get it down the hatch. Take it like a shot. Like, this… is clearly the most efficient way to dispose of this.” Immediately. I didn’t even have to think twice about it. I’ve never spit, and… Ever! If you spit, that means you have to hold it in your mouth as you like walk through his apartment and find the bathroom that he shares with his roommates, you run into them, they’re all watching Varsity Blues in the living room. You have to be like, “Hey guys, is anyone in there? Can I get in or…? Oh, so, Andrew’s in the shower. I’ll wait. It’s fine. I love this movie. What is… This is such a good movie, I forget. You forget how good it is. You’re quoting classic lines. I’m like, “I don’t want your life.” Like, and I can… It’s a better James Van Der Beek because of it. Okay, it’s one benefit of it. But you’re doing like a wine tasting, like you’re just… And don’t get it twisted, guys, a girl isn’t… She’s not swallowing ’cause she’s like, “Yummy cummy in my tummy.” No. I mean, sometimes. Turns out I’m a whore. Pretty big whore. But, it’s usually ’cause you’re just like, “This is the way to get it done.” Sometimes, if I think a load is gonna be really gross, I’m like, “Let’s deepthroat.” So it’s like a feeding tube, and I don’t have to touch it to my taste buds, so… Pro tip. You’re welcome.

Some girls love sucking dick. They like love it. And I’ve never understood it. I’m like, “What are you getting out of it?” And then I realize, it’s ’cause they’re good at it. That’s it. It’s as simple as that, truly. If you’re… If you love sucking dick, it’s ’cause you’re good at it. And if you don’t like it, if you’re like, “I hate blow jobs.” It’s ’cause you’re bad at it. It’s… You’re really bad at it. We like doing things we’re good at, and if you’re good at it you would do it all the time. If you’re just like, “It’s such a bore, it’s such a pain.” You suck at it and I’m one of you. I could have been good. All it would have taken was one guy to just like give me a compliment early on, you know. Someone to just like show me that I had a little promise or something. Just send me off in the right direction. We just want to be good. And… It’s early intervention is key. Like, I feel like true blowjob queens, girls that are like, “I love it.” It was like one of the first times they gave a blowjob, the guy was like, “You’re great,” and like believed in them. ‘Cause that’s what it takes. It takes one guy. One coach. One youth minister to lay the foundation for a girl. The first time, oh, you’re so nervous, and all you want is a guy to just take your chin and be like, “Hey, look up.” And you go, “What?” He’s like, “You’ve got spunk… in your hair, but like the way that you handled my balls is pretty cool. And I think you’re on to something.” Just anything. Little nudge. And that’s why I tell guys, lie to us. Tell us we’re good and we’ll blow you all the time. Honestly, like, you hook up with a girl and she blows you and it’s not very good, just lie and be like, “That was the best blow job ever.” ‘Cause she’ll just be like, “It was?” And then, she’ll like set off on a course to like be the best, and she’ll go out and she’ll be like, “I was good once.” You know? And I know you’re like, “Why would I encourage a bad blow job?” First of all, she’s going to blow you a bunch, ’cause this bitch has never heard she’s good. She’s going to be like, “This guy gets it.” And then, she’s going to blow you a bunch. And she’s going to get better with practice. She’s going to Malcolm Gladwell that shit, and you’re going to have an expert blowing you. Ten thousand hours later, you’ve got to work with her. It’s going to be several years. But she’ll get there. I mean, I don’t know. Just lie… Even if it’s so bad you can’t come. I swear to God, even if… You could be like, “That was so good I couldn’t come.” I’d be like, “I guess that’s a thing. I guess, cool, wow!” You could tell that to me tonight, and I just made it up, and I’d be like, “I guess that thing I made up is true, I don’t know.”

That’s how bad I want to be good. An innocuous compliment from a guy you like means everything. I don’t think you guys understand what power you wield, with just dumb compliments. I stand before you tonight, because I did stand-up comedy one time fifteen years ago on a whim, I was like, “I’ll try it,” and I was fine, but a hot guy after the show was like “You were great,” and I was like “I’ll do it forever, thank you.” I swear to God. It’s just… I just needed someone to believe in me, and then I look at the first time I gave a blow job, and I’m like, “What did that guy say?” And it was not… It actually was the same, he was like, “You should do comedy. I mean, I’m serious. This is so funny, what you think is good.”

So… I crave compliments. I love them so much. I was an ugly child. So, I like, I saw the people get them and I was like, “That looks fun to experience.” You know? I was diagnosed as an ugly child at… the age of 11, by a caricature artist at a Six Flags, and… I didn’t know until then. I really didn’t, you know, and then he turned that canvas around and my dad was like, “That’s great. Oh my God, it’s uncanny.” And my whole family was like, “Woah! Nik, it’s you.” I’m like, “Really? Okay, I didn’t know I had buck teeth and bushy eyebrows, a Founding Father haircut… a tiny bicycle.” But then, I knew. Listen, I kind of had an idea that I wasn’t that cute, you know. ‘Cause I had a really beautiful sister growing up. Never went through an awkward phase, she was just so stunning. She literally would stop traffic, when I pushed her in front of it. I tried to get her out of the way. And I’m the second prettiest sister and then there isn’t another one, but… So, I’ve got that, but…

People would stop my mom as a child and tell my mom that my sister should be a model, like right in front of me, and be like, “This child needs to be a model.” And they wouldn’t see me at first and then I’d emerge from behind my mom’s legs like Nosferatu, like, “What should I be?” Just like, desperate to be discovered or whatever. And they’re like, “You should be… you’re going to be a model train enthusiast, probably. I think you should start collecting soon, ’cause you’re gross.” And I was like, “Cool.” Whenever I see two kids and one’s cuter than the other, I always tell the mom, “Your kids are cute.” I make an emphasis on kids and then I wink, ’cause she knows. She’ll know. And you can get away with a pretty obvious wink, ’cause usually the ugly one has like a lazy eye situation, so they’ll miss it entirely, so you can be… But just don’t single out one child as cuter than the other, ’cause we don’t need more female comics. I can’t take the competition, and that’s how you make them.

As an ugly child, boys didn’t like me. I was okay with that at first. I was just like, “Good, like, I don’t want their dicks in my head, anyway, like this is perfect.” And then I hit puberty around like 22, and I was like… And at that time, guys started to take interest ’cause I had sort of blossomed into this like blackout drunk and… they wanted in. But the problem was, the second I thought that maybe I wasn’t so ugly up here, I realized I was ugly down here. I have a vagina that resembles a hastily packed suitcase. Yeah, okay. I know there are some bitches that are late for their flights tonight in here, too. I know you’re out there. I see you at the gym locker room. I spy on you. Yes, I do. There’s a lot of hermit crabs looking for new shells. Out and about. I know. I used to feel alone. I really did, ’cause you watch porn and you’re like, “Where’s my vagina?” That’s when I realized, I was like, “Shit… That’s not… None of these look like mine. I have a…” I felt like a young black girl watching Disney movies. I’m like, “Where’s one with me in it? Do you want to make one with me?” That would have been nice. “Oh, you made one with a mermaid before making one with me. Cool. That feels great.” But I truly… I didn’t know any other vaginas. And why would I? You don’t see vaginas growing up. You know? You don’t even see your mom’s. If you do, there’s a giant bush in front of it, so you don’t know what her lip action is. I had no idea. And now, mine has to be like out, you have to have like, here it is! No hair and everything’s out, and guys make fun of vaginas like ours. Don’t they, girls? We hear it. “Roast beef, five for $5. Cold cut combo.” I know they look like meaty sandwiches. I know. We get it, and it’s just like… Dead on, dude. It’s dead on! You nailed it. That’s what it looks like and it’s funny. It’s so funny, that’s what sucks. Sometimes, as a vegan, I offend myself sometimes. I’m like, “Meat is murder.” Every time I wipe. Throw paint on myself. It’s a whole process.

But I’m just tired of caring. It’s just… And I’ve gotten over most of my insecurities. I feel like pretty good, ’cause I’ve done a lot of work up here and a little right here and… Got something on the books for this next week, but… Little snip-a-rooney. Great clips, but I… I didn’t masturbate my whole life, almost. I didn’t start masturbating till I was 28, ’cause I quit Zoloft. Yeah, I was on Zoloft for like my whole adult life, and I had orgasms, but what I thought were orgasms turned out to be like okay sneezes compared. Oh my God, I had my first real orgasm off Zoloft and I was like, “Why is everyone not doing this all the time?” And so I started, all the time. I was chronically masturbating. Like, a 28-year-old woman behaving like an 11-year-old boy, truly. You know you hear these stories from guys that are like, “I did it till I bled. I didn’t know.” I did that. It was my period but it counts, and I still count it. I was… I couldn’t stop. I did it on a plane once and got caught, and… She saw me and I was just like, “I thought you could in first class.” And she’s like, “No… Also, you’re seated in coach and you just walked up here, so that doesn’t even make sense.” And I go, “I thought if I was beyond the curtain.” Masturbating now, I just am too exhausted by all of it, you know? I’ve too many toys. I got all the toys. As soon as I started masturbating I was like, “I gotta get that rabbit. I’ve heard about this thing for a while.” So, I go to PetSmart and I get that thing, and I returned it, you know? I was just like, “This thing bit my clit off!” Felt good for a second, then… a lot of blood, but… I got too many toys. And now, when I go to masturbate, I just look at all my toys in the bucket… With a bucket? What the fuck did I just say? I do not have a bucket. I don’t want you thinking I’m having a bucket of dildos. It’s literally a ripped Victoria’s Secret bag, that I keep in my closet. So, I got to the old dick bucket. I have so many toys, too many. And every time I go to masturbate I have to like look at all of them, and I always feel bad that I’m not using all of them. I have some sort of Toy Story guilt with it all. I’m just like, “Oh, Woody, you used to be my favorite. I’ll sit on you.” And I’ll just sit on that, and I’ll put Buzz up here, and then I got something inside me that I’m working like this, and I just… It’s too much going on. I always feel like a one-man band. Eventually, I’m just like… “Come on, join in, kids.” Like, I just feel like a town square fool. There should be a monkey on my shoulder with a tambourine like collecting coins from passers-by like that is… I feel like Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins. That is how I feel every single time I masturbate. It’s not hot. Ironically enough, Dick Van Dyke are the three words I type in to find every porn that I look at. So, I need all those elements to really get me there. My porn searches are disgusting. Oh, man, those got gross, fast. Listen, I know what I like. I like bondage. I’m into like getting tied up. I’m into watching girls getting tied up. I don’t… I’ll sell it to you, ladies, if you’re not into it, you’re about to be. Guess what? Bondage, forced laziness. You don’t have to do anything to him if you’re tied up. “Oh, I want to jerk you off, but my hands are tied. Let me out! No, I’m just kidding it’s fine, just leave it. What are you doing?” If there’s a ball gag in your mouth, no dick in your head. It’s just very comfortable. You make it look like a struggle, like, “Oh no! Oh!” But, it’s easy breezy, man. They blindfold you, oh my God. And you go, “Oh no! I can’t see you, how am I going to come?” Easily. Thank you for the assist. It’s so good. But bondage porn, it’s always like in a cellar with like dripping walls. Or like a warehouse, and she’s just like abandoned. It’s like, can’t she be comfortable? I don’t understand why there always has to be a guy with a welder’s mask and a purpose, like with a stick. Like, can’t it be nicer? But it can’t be, they’re always mean to her. And I’m just like, “Be nice!” Like, she’s invited all these dudes over. You guys… One of you showed up late, there’s nowhere for your dick to go now. And so… I hate that guy. He’s always just like, “Where do I go?” It’s just like, “Go fill the Brita, Tony. Why were you late? Like, do something useful. We’re all going to be very dehydrated after this.” But… no. Then Tony’s just like hitting his dick on her shoulder, as if that’s doing anything for either of them. And it’s just like, “Look inside yourself, Tony. Why were you late?” God! She’s not like a bison on the Great Plains. You don’t need to use every single part of her… to honor her.

Gangbangs, like, I love gangbangs, but I’m just looking for like a respectful gangbang. Like, why not just a nice… Be nice to her. A respectful gangbang, that would just be a girl tied up, and guys doing lots of things to her down here, and then up here guys just brushing her hair and telling her she’s strong. Respectful. It’s all I want. You know what’s frustrating about masturbating when you’re a woman, is that you can’t really fuck yourself, you know? Like, you can do clit stuff or whatever, but truly, having been penetrated, it’s hard to do to yourself. Like, this is… And it is hard to come from that if you’re like doing a CrossFit sequence, as you’re like getting tennis elbow. I mean, it’s a lot of work and I always give up. And I’m just like, “This is too hard.” And that’s why I get so jealous of guys, ‘cause I’m like, “Jerking off is so easy for guys.” It’s just this… That’s so… That’s literally… That’s what you do when you think… When you say something’s easy. You’re just like, “we’ll fucking bang it out and go to Chipotle, man. I’ll just… Just get the reports done, and we’ll go to the game.” Like, that’s how easy that is. Uh, I’m jealous. ‘Cause I like a dick in me, I’m sorry. I like getting stuffed. I do. It feels good and I’m not going to apologize for it. I just like… But the problem is, and people are like, “Oh, then why don’t you just go have sex, Nikki. If you want to catch a dicking, go out and get one.” It’s like, I would and I used to when I drank, but if you’re sober you can’t just have casual sex. I don’t know if anyone here has had casual sex sober, but like, how did you do that? Having casual sex sober, it’s really… It’s a lot more intimate. It turns into an episode of Dawson’s Creek for some reason. A Counting Crows song starts playing. I’m just like, “What’s happening?” It’s like, “Round here.” I’m just like, “Where is that coming from?” This has meaning, when it shouldn’t. Sometimes you don’t want sex to mean anything, and you just want to like bang it out and live your life, but you can’t when you’re sober. When I drank, oh, that’s all I did. If I wanted to like, get dicked out, I’d just like… None of this sounds real good. If I wanted to get… I wanted to say I had had sex, but I didn’t want to experience it, and that’s what would be perfect. I would just be like “I feel like getting fucked.” And so, I would just blackout drink, hone in on a guy and then like kind of Cosby myself into this situation where… I would bepenetrated that night by a comedian, and not remember any of it. I’d wake up in the morning, I wouldn’t even know what I had done. And sometimes I’m like, “Oh dear, is that…? Did I do anal or is that bronzer?” Like, I would try and figure it out, you know those mornings? Where you’re like, “Did I have sex? I don’t know. I should know that.” I’d figure it out if the sheet was stuck inside me. I’d be like, “Okay, I probably had sex.” That’s a classic post-sex old Glase-dog move. I always do a tuck, right. ‘Cause I don’t like to go to bed with a soggy vag, so I just like tuck it up. I don’t want to be sloshing around all night. And so, I tuck and release, and I don’t get yeast infections, girls. Like, it’s a good plan if you don’t want to get a yeasty, just tuck and release, but sometimes you’re drunk and the tuck feels so good, and you just leave it, and then it dries overnight, and you gotta peel it off like a Bioré Strip in the morning, and that’s… It hurts. You leave behind a paper mache stalagmite on his duvet. It’s not a nice way to be remembered. Trying to flatten it when he’s in the bathroom. I’m just like, “Go away. Out, damn spot.” There are embarrassing moments like that, but like, you know, most of the time having drunk sex, it made it just a lot easier to just, to get it, you know? And sometimes when I’m sober, I got with a guy and I’m like, “God, I’d love to feel that way again.” So, I’ll just like take out one contact lens just to feel a little off. Just to be like, “Maybe I’ll make some mistakes and…” It takes a lot now, for me to want to have sex with a guy and it’s because sober sex, it’s risky, right? Your body, as a woman, when there’s a penis in you, and you’re sober for it, it like thinks you’re making a baby with the guy, so it like shoots off all these chemicals, that are just like… “Remember him.” You know? “Hold on to him. Wait for him. He’s going to provide for you.” And I just want to tell my dumb cavewoman brain, like, “I’m gonna do everything in my power to not get pregnant right now. I hope you know that, and by that I mean the pull-out method. Like, that’s the best I can give you, body.” And it works. It’s worked for me most the time. I’m probably barren, that’s what I’ve determined. Like, it’s not supposed to work. I’ve had one pregnancy scare. It was double scary. It was in a haunted house and I… I was alarmed. Yeah. A woman like jumped out in a bloody sheet and I was like, “I haven’t seen those in a while.” And it reminded me that I hadn’t ruined a sheet set that I love in over a month. So, I was like, “Oh, I should…” When you use the pull-out method, you sometimes need to supplement with the morning after pill, which I’ve taken a handful of times and… No, I took a handful one time, I’m sorry. And… It’s different. No, the morning after pill, let me just tell you though, you can take it up to 72 hours. I don’t think… that’s not in the name, the Morning After. They need to change the name, ’cause sometimes you have sex in the morning and you’re like, “Okay, I’ve got to wait till tomorrow morning, I guess, to take it.” And then you forget and you start a family, so… It’s three days. You have three days, and I’m trying to get it changed to the Long Weekend After the Holidays… The Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Weekend After Pill. I think that’s… Gives you an idea of the chunk of time you have. And I’m getting a lot of pushback from his foundation, but… But you have three days, and I’ve used them all before, and it’s not ’cause I’m like, “Oh, I’m lazy.” It’s ’cause I’m just waiting till I need to get toilet paper, too. I’m like, “I’ll kill two birds or three, twins run in my family. I don’t really know how this thing works, but…” I am willing to take it, especially if the guy asks. Have you ever had the guy ask you to do it? I’ll always… I’ll do it, especially if he pays. And I’m like, “Yeah, if you give me fifty bucks.” And he does, and you go to Sephora and you pray. And that works. It might cost you a little on the back end, but what other excuse do you have to spend $49 on an eyeliner, so… Isn’t it funny when they ask you to take the morning after? I’m always just like, “Oh my God. Yeah, I’ll take it. It’s so cute that you think that I want your baby. Like, it’s so funny that… Dude, I would abort your child so soon, like you don’t even… I wouldn’t even call you, it’s so… Oh my God, huh.” I wouldn’t think twice, I’d just go to a clinic and be like, “Hey, I slept with a guy who wears tank tops that say ‘rise and grind.'” And they’d be like, “In and out, ma’am. Let’s get her in. Let’s go. Well… We need all hands on deck for this one. It’s going to be on the house for this lady.” Alabama would allow that one. That’s the one caveat they have. Only in cases of tank tops with motivational words on them. “Oh, he raped you. Never mind, you have to keep it.” I know, sorry, isn’t the truth weird? It’s so weird. But this is the problem… Is I was sleeping with tank toppy guys a lot of times… last year. ‘Cause I came up with a strategy. I kept sleeping with guys I liked, ’cause I liked them, and then I would fall for them, and I was like, “This is a pain in the ass.” ‘Cause they don’t text you back and it’s just like, uh, it’s annoying. I’m just tired of screenshotting conversations between men who will never love me and myself, and sending them to my friends to be like, “What’s he thinking?” And they’re like, “Nothing. It’s all blue, Nik. Get a hold of yourself. None of these are delivered, we kind of think he blocked you, so…” And so, I came up with a plan. I was like, “Oh, I’ll only have sex with guys who I would never want to love” Right, then I’ll never like want them to be my boyfriend. So, I pick a guy with like a necklace, right, like a dangly outer necklace. Not an inside one, ’cause you can’t ever predict those. Girls, we’ve all slept with guys with necklaces, where we didn’t know it was there until we got naked with them, and then you see it and you’re like, “Okay… I feel like I wouldn’t be doing this right now if I knew that was there. I really feel a little bit hoodwinked by you at this moment, but… our shirts are off, so… I’ve got to at least blow you or something. Great. Them’s the rules.” So, I go after a guy with like an active necklace and… Which is good, though, because during the sex it’s like hanging over you, like swaying back and forth as a reminder… that he’s not to be loved… and/or respected, right? It’s right there. And you feel good. And they always have a dumb reason for their necklace, too. It infuriates me. “It’s my grandfather’s dog tags. Hold it close.” I’m just like, “Okay, good, at least the spirit of a real man will be hovering over me tonight.” That’s a plus, I guess. Someone who actually fought for something other than a parking spot at GameStop. So, I slept with a necklace guy, and I feel good. The next day, I would feel good. I would have like a little whore’s skip in my step. Like, “I just banged, and I don’t even care if I hear from him. Like, I’m a Samantha. We do exist, right” And then I’m in line at Starbucks, and I’m just like waiting, and I let my thoughts go, I don’t know, three thoughts too far, and I’m just like… “I love his necklace. Like I… love necklaces, and I love him for wearing that stupid necklace. Like, I made fun of him for that necklace, and I think it’s the worst thing about him, I think it might be the best thing about him, because like his necklace… I made fun of reasons for necklaces, but his is actually good, like he went to Aéropostale, it was on sale and he liked it. So, like… That’s a legit good reason. Oh my God, I wonder where I’m going to store my necklace when I move in with him? Like, I wonder where… If he has like a necklace tree. Oh my God, I bet when he’s ready for me to move in with him, he’ll like clean a branch off the necklace tree. And we’ll be in bed on like a Sunday morning, and he’ll be like, ‘Go check the necklace tree.’ I’m going to be like, ‘Why? We’re in bed. I wanna cuddle.’ He’s like, ‘Just go check the tree.’ And I’m like… ‘You’re being weird.’ And then I go and there’s like a ring on one of the branches. It’s like… ‘Oh my God, I can’t believe I’m moving to Fort Worth, like, this is insane.'” And then, I’m done. And then, I’m in love with a guy who’s not going to text me back, ’cause he knew the rules, and it’s just like… It’s not worth my time anymore, so I’ve just… No more penises in me. That’s my new rule. No more. And it sucks ’cause sex, now that that’s off the table, man, what do I have? That was the one thing I was good at. If I would hook up with the guy, I would go right from making out, and I’d be like, “Let’s fuck.” And it wasn’t cause I like, “Loved a dick in me.” I’m just like, “This is the easiest thing to do.” And I’m good at it. I like doing things I’m good at. Girls like doing things they’re good at. I am great at getting fucked. I just am, and I know that’s braggy, but I was just born with the ability to kick back and have a hole, like, I just like… lean into it. And as a whole, I think… As a whole as a hole, I think it is by far our best option to get you off, is having sex. It’s the easiest. I never understand when girls are like, “No, I didn’t have sex with him. We did everything except sex.” I’m like, “Are you exhausted? Why would you do all the hard stuff? What’s in it for you?” Sex at least, like, if you have sex it’s going to feel good. You could come, you know? You won’t, probably, like most of the time you don’t, but it’s like on the table, right? Our options to get you off, just are like… They’re not great, and we have to get you off. We do, right, girls? You have to get a guy off, ’cause we all learned about blue balls, right? I grew up in a generation of women who went through a course similar to the DARE program about blue balls, in which we learned that it is our duty to get you off, if you think you’re going to get off, you know? If you make a guy hard, it’s… You have to see it through or you’re like a selfish cunt. Like, you… Why did you make him hard then, if you didn’t want to make him come? So, do it, you know? If you build it, he must come. You know the rules. Finish what you started. Clean Plate Club You get all these… Like, “I will.” And I certainly will, because blue balls is a pain. It’s a severe pain that I could inflict on a man by not blowing him. That’s so mean. And the pain, apparently, girls, we can’t even understand it. We can’t. Physiologically our bodies are not made to understand that kind of pain, but I can guess the closest we can get is like maybe a spinal fracture, or like a gunshot wound. That’s kind of in that range. So you go, “Oh my God, I don’t want to make this guy feel that pain.” This guy that I don’t really even like that much. So, you blow him or you fuck him, ’cause you’re like, “I don’t want you to be in pain. Here’s the antidote.” And then you find out it’s not a pain and that’s a bunch of bullshit. It’s not a pain. It’s a feeling, for sure. It’s a feeling, and I will validate that. It is just like a… “I want to. Please, but I want to! Mom! It’s not fair! He got to come!” That’s it. That’s the feeling. I know, and you can’t act that way either, ’cause you’re a man, you know, or at least you’re dressed like one, so… You have to like bottle up that intense anger, and it must be annoying, and I get it, I’ve felt that way. I’ve not come before, like almost exclusively, so I understand… cranky clit or whatever it is to me. I felt that frustration and it sucks. And you feel it as a girl, if you don’t make a guy come, and you give him blue balls or whatever that is, you feel it the next day. Girls, you ever spend the night in a bed with a guy and not touch his dick? The next morning, the energy will have shifted in the room. There’s just a palpable anger, that even he is not aware of, but he’s tying his shoes kind of loud and you’re like, “Ah! Yikes!” He will have brought you to his place in an Uber black, but then you’re going home in a Lyft Share. I mean, things have taken a turn. So, you just make guys come. Like you’re just like, “I’ll make him come, ’cause I just don’t want to hurt him. I don’t want them to be mad at me. I don’t want them to feel bad or sad, so I’ll just fucking… Here, take a come. You can have a come.” I was doling out comes all through my twenties. Gave away so many comes, and then I came up with a way to like stop giving out comes, which is I just wouldn’t touch their penises. ‘Cause if you don’t touch their penis then you don’t have to do anything about it. That’s a trick I learned, it’s like, if you touch their hard dick, it’s like inviting a vampire in your house, like you’re obligated to then do something about it, or whatever that rule is. But you can avoid touching their dick. At the end of a date, I always keep my hands up here, ’cause I’m just trying to figure out if I want to touch their dick or not. But I’m just keeping them up here and kind of keeping my space. ‘Cause I haven’t decided, maybe I do want to touch your dick. I don’t know yet. I’m trying to figure it out. I probably… It’s always between, “Oh, do I go home with him or go home and eat?” Like, that’s usually kind of the battle in a woman’s mind. Especially me, like, if I’m nervous about a date, I usually haven’t like eaten enough that day, ’cause I’m scared we’re gonna have sex and I don’t wanna fart during it, so I’ve like just been like… So, I’m starving at this point and I’m just like, “I’m just going to go home.” But sometimes, they like… They get frustrated and they’re like, “Maybe she doesn’t know I’m hard.” I think that sometimes you guys are like, “Maybe she doesn’t know.” So, they’ll take your hand and kind of Helen Keller you, “Hey, I’m hard right…” And you’re like, “Oh, thank you, papa.” Like, I just… I don’t know why ‘papa’. That doesn’t fit either scenario, but we had fun. But then you touch it, and I do like a hot stove now, I’m like, “I didn’t touch it, so I don’t have to do anything.” Cause if you don’t touch, you can just kind of go, “Goodnight.” And like, float away on a toadstool, and like, go home and eat in bed. And then… But then, if you touch it, you have to… You either have to do something to it, or you have to tell him that you don’t want to do anything with it at this point, right? And you’re just like, “I just don’t like you enough now, or I’m not comfortable.” It’s like a hard conversation to kind of have and sometimes… I’m better at sucking dick than I am at sharing my true feelings. And so, I blow a guy to avoid telling him the truth. I’ve done it so many times. But… I just… For me to make you come now, I just like… If I’m not having sex, that used to be my go-to. Now, I’m like, “I have to blow you?” And I’m still not confident in my blow jobs and I was… I’m trying to get better, but recently I gave one, and 90 seconds in, the same thing happened that always happens, the guy just kind of held my head steady and decided to fuck it himself, you know? Kind of took over and and treated my head like a bird house. That’s how I got through it, is pretending I’m a birdhouse. I just… I have no rhythm. I have no natural rhythm. And so, I actually was like, “Thank you, take the wheel. I don’t know what you want.” I just don’t have a good sense of rhythm. I may be able to show you a good time, if you’ve like a metronome on your nightstand, but it’s just not…

Most girls do not like when you grab their head and just hold it and fuck it, but I truly appreciate the gesture and… ‘Cause then I can focus on what I’m actually good at, which is going to be surviving this blow job, because my breathing is now up to you, good sir. ‘Cause you don’t seem to understand that I can’t breathe when your dick is in my head. So, I hope you let me get a couple gasps in here and there. I always feel like I’m lost at sea when I’m sucking dick, and I’m just like emerging like, “Coast guard!” And just getting sucked back under. I’ve got to time them perfectly. And I’m good at breathing during blow jobs, ’cause I didn’t know guys didn’t know we couldn’t breathe, but we can’t breathe when your dick is in our head. I have to get it through to you. I know you think we can, because of our nose. You’re like, “Your nostrils don’t have dicks in them.” Like, clearly it’s an open passage. It’s the only way to shut off a girl’s breathing. Let me tell you that it’s from within. I don’t know what’s happening, but when the dick’s your head, you can’t breathe through your nose. You can’t… It’s like an inside job. You can’t… I can’t explain, but it’s all getting clogged. It doesn’t take a big dick. It doesn’t take deepthroat. It’s just all… And it’s rarely deepthroat by the way. I just want to just briefly tell you that when you think… I don’t know… Sometime you just go, “Take it.” You know, you jam it and it’s not like drain snaking its way gently down our esophagus like… Like a boomerang of a lady going down a waterslide. Like, “Oh, so fun. Easy does it.” No, it’s jamming into the back… It’s crumpling into our soft palate. I’m like, “Does he know this is a cul-de-sac? Like, there’s no way through.” Drive like your kids live here, like, take it slow, dude. He’s punching in the… Ramming the back of your head. It hurts. It feels like you’re trying to punch through like a game on The Price is Right. It’s so aggressive and it hurts. It really does hurt. And I don’t know if you guys can’t tell ’cause you can’t see, but start to look, you’ll be able to tell just by just… It’s a little thing we do, like, the tears streaming down our face. Thick tears, just like an elephant who lost a friend. Like those, just kind of like… That could be an indication. I couldn’t be… I guess I wouldn’t have known that, you know, you can’t breath if a dick’s in your head, had I not been on the receiving end. I don’t know, maybe I wouldn’t have, but I’m here to tell you we can’t. And I found out guys didn’t know that we couldn’t breathe from watching a porn. Not even from my own experience. I saw this guy, and he was using this girl’s head as a fleshlight, pretty aggressively. And he did the thing where he was like, “Take it all.” And he… ‘Cause he was mad at his Mom. Clearly, it was something to do with her. She didn’t pick him up from school a couple times and she said she was going to make an effort to do so, and she was late and it was embarrassing, and so, he’s taking it out on Savannah, and she had nothing to do with it. I mean, it was in the 80s, well before she was born and so… So he’s… “Take it, bitch.” And he’s holding her there for a while, and I was holding my breath with her, ’cause I was like, “I got you, girl. I know you can’t breathe. Solidarity. Neighborhood Watch. Like, I am on it.” So, I’m watching… and it’s about a minute in and I’m like, “This girl’s a pro. This is incredible. She must deep sea dive or some shit like that. This is awesome.” And then, I saw him see her struggle. And he goes, “Oh, you think that’s bad? What about now?” And he plugged her nose to be like, “Take it to the next level.” I’m like, “This fucking idiot.” First of all, that is the most worthless, like, “What about now?” He should have been like, “What about now?” And added like a fun Mardi Gras mask flourish, that would have been a more interesting challenge. Than this, which you’re already doing. So I was like, “Oh my God, if this guy thinks she can’t breathe now.” Like, I’m about to watch her die, you know? So I came really hard, and I go back to it and I check in on her and I go… She survived. I’m happy to tell you she lived. ‘Cause she knew, and she’s smart, and she did her safe word to get out of that, which worked out before which is… And it’s so…

It’s the correct pronunciation. I don’t know how to spell it, but it is… I think it’s Yiddish, but it’s… That’s like a hot sound now, isn’t that weird? Porn has made that like a sex sound. It used to… Porn sounds used to be like… And now they’re… It’s that pervasive in porn. It’s wild. I guarantee you there are at least 14 dudes in here with blood rushing to your dicks right now. Just based on Pavlov’s dick response, of just like… “Is a girl getting choked by a dick somewhere? What’s happening?” And I know you feel bad about it. It feels weird to be turned on by that, but it’s okay, you just watch too much porn, it’s fine. It’s like, it’s not gonna be fine when a woman is actually choking at a restaurant where you’re… dining with your wife. And a woman’s at the next table like… Your wife is like, “You know Heimlich. Give it to her.” And you’re like, “I can’t, I have a boner, and I don’t want to put it in her back as I save her life, so I’d rather she just like die.” So, that’ll be weird, but until then… It’s just all these things. I’m willing to do all of this, by the way. So happy to do it. I like when guys come. It’s like, it makes me feel good when they come. I’m not… I never want to be a comedian who’s up here like, “Fucking men.” You know? I would love to be up here fucking men, that’s a different thing. That’s a… It’s a show I aspire to put on for you someday, but… Building towards that. But I just… I am willing to do all this stuff. It’s like… And I want you to come, and… ‘Cause, girls, we like when guys come. We really do. Like, it means we can get on our phones sooner, so it’s like… “Oh, good. He did that, and back on Instagram.” But I just can’t give away any more comes. I just can’t anymore. I’m 35, and I just… I don’t know, if I… I think I just know my worth more. I have value, and like for me to suck your dick, like it’s… It’s like a thousand bucks. Like, I don’t know, like you can Venmo me, or we’ll… Hooking up now is just… It’s very complicated for me, because I’m just plagued by this obligation to get you off, that I can’t even enjoy what you do to me anymore, ’cause I’m like, “What am I going to do to him.” You know? I get fingered and I’m just like, “What am I going to be willing to take after this?” It’s like when you’re in grade school and you give your friends… You’re like, “Let’s massage each other” And you’re doing back rubs. The whole time, I’m like, “I can’t even like this, ’cause I’ve got to rub this bitch next, like…” That’s what it feels like, hooking up with you. Every single one of you. And so, I think I’ve figured something out. The best hook up scenario I can imagine, and I think you guys will like this, too, is that I get fingered to completion, and then I get out of the Uber. And I feel like that… I’ll tip you. I’ll throw a tip on there the next time I pull up the app. I know how to do it. Please. I would love that to be a part of the Uber app, Uber finger. It just… It’s like you pay more, you pay double, ’cause it’s like, it’s a two-man operation. We can’t have our drivers fingering the passengers. So, there’s a guy in the back seat, it’s not even a guy, it’s maybe a girl. You don’t know, he’s wearing a mask. They don’t… They’re not allowed to talk to you. He’s maybe dressed like a minion. It’s a tie-in with Sony for a promotional stunt. I don’t know… We’re still working out the kinks. It’s in beta, but… Yeah, it’s a two-man op. It has to be a two-man op, you’re going to pay extra until there’s self-driving cars, right, and then… As soon as there are self-fingering cars, I mean, you’ll never hear from me again. Truly… I’ll be gone. I’d be a real road dog after that.

It does take a lot for me to want to do anything to a guy now, ’cause I just can’t, you know? And I would. I would love to, just, I need… And I bristle at even saying this word, but I need more foreplay. And I hate saying that, I never wanted to be a female comic who said, “More foreplay. We need more foreplay.” I like… I looked at sitcoms in the 90s. I saw housewives on those shows be like, “Well, if he had more foreplay.” I just heard foreplay and I’m like, “You should never ask for more foreplay, guys hate it.” Because I hear audience members go like, “Boo, foreplay!” And the dudes would be like… And then the girls would be like, “Tee-he, we relate.” And then they’d get beat on the car ride home, so I was like, “Okay, I’m never going to demand foreplay.” I’d never had sex, but I’m like, “This foreplay thing, I’m going to let it slide. I don’t give a shit. Stick it in dry. Pay me $0.80 on the dollar. I should just be happy this guy wants to stick his dick in my ugly head.” I truly believed that. I was like, “I’m never gonna complain about foreplay.” And then I started hooking up and I’m like, “We need more foreplay.” Hand me a fucking blazer with shoulder pads in it, and give me some high-waisted jeans, frizz-out my hair, ’cause we need more foreplay. Like, I just… I’m with those 90s bitches now. You didn’t listen. I don’t understand what to tell you. I have been fingered when I’m dry so many times this year, it is truly an act of terrorism. I am so sick of it. You should not ever finger a dry vagina. Ever! It should never happen. When you get fingered, when you’re dry, as a woman, it’s the same as if we took your limp dick, and we were just like, “Come on.” We would never do that to you. I don’t even look at a limp dick. Like, I wouldn’t touch one. I don’t look at one, ’cause I know you’re not proud of it. So, I’m like, “I won’t look at it until he’s ready for me to see it, and to meet it, okay.” So… I treat it like your wedding dress. I’m just like, “I’ll let him show it to me when he’s ready, for good luck or whatever the hell.” I never look at a limp dick, and I’m dying to play with a limp dick. I would love it. But I don’t even let myself. I don’t get to, because I respect your boundaries. But if I could, oh, I’d do this, and I’d stretch it. You can stretch it and it does… They don’t care, until they wake up and they’re like, “Hey, will you cut it out?” It’s so fun. They’re so fun. Oh my God. But I’m serious, guys, like you got to cut it out with the dry fingering. It’s truly… It’s devastating. It sucks. And I’ve tried different ways to avoid getting fingered while dry. That’s why my pants keep getting higher and higher, as I’m building in more track time for me, when you’re on your way down, to make myself wet. I’m just like, “Get wet. Get wet for the summer. Get wet.” And I never do, you always get down there, and then I hear a squeak, and I’m like, “Fuck, he thinks I’m menopausal.” I’ve gone as far as like, if I know a guy is going to be worthless, I’ll finger myself on the cab ride to dinner with him. Just to get a nice sheen going before we break bread. I don’t trust you anymore. Yeah, sometimes, guys when they spit on you, it’s like almost insulting, because sometimes I work so hard to get myself wet, and I want to like show it off, and sometimes guys will… Like, just do that and I’m like, “Umm…” Don’t salt your food before you try it. Like can you at least like… Respect the chef, like, I… Oh God.

I asked my friend the other day, I’m like, “What do you do for foreplay when you hook up with a girl?” And he’s like, “I don’t know, I really like fucking on the couch. I think that’s pretty cool.” Okay. That’s what they think. They think as long as it’s out of the bedroom, that counts. Fully penetrating a woman on a couch. Foreplay. No, foreplay is… It’s simple. It’s kissing. It’s compliments. It’s going to therapy. It’s just… Work on yourself. Whisper in my ear that you’re ready to address your anger with your dad, and I’ll fucking… You’ll get an alert on your phone about a flash flood, I’ll get wet so fast. “Evacuate caves!” Like I… I can get wet. I just… Dry humping. Man, I get turned on just thinking about dry humping. I could ride a knee into the goddamn sunset. Give me a knee. A knee clad in denim and I can just get up on it. Like Don Quixote up in this bitch. I love dry humping. I want to invent a move called The Reverse Santa, where a girl just… You get… They face you sitting down, you get on their knee. You grind it out. You tell them what you want for Christmas. They call you a good girl, and then you take a picture. And that’s… Coming to a mall near you this holiday season. That’s what I want. Just do stuff to us that isn’t our vagina. Like just keep it dry before it’s wet. I think dry humping’s great. We all are wearing jeans now, like this, that have like a seam… Right where the seams meet there’s like a bump. It’s called a clit nobbin. That’s the name that Levi Strauss gave it in his blueprints for the original 501s. But that’s good, you use that and just… That’s a huge bump there. He put it a little low, ’cause every guy thinks your clit is like where your hole is. Just like, “Oh, he thought it was where the hole is.” So, you’ve got to hike it up, but.. And it is hard to locate a clit. I don’t mean to like judge a guy for not knowing. Sometimes I look down there, “I don’t know where the fuck that thing is hiding today.” Keep a little post it on it now, it’s easy to locate but… You got to be sucking clit. Do you guys know about that? Clit stuff’s important, and sucking clit is where it’s at. I didn’t know anything about sucking clit. I would have done the same thing that you guys do when you go down on us. If I went down on a girl I would have done the same style. I would just rub my face in it until I hit something, like, that’s good. I like that. Keep that. I do enjoy it. It’s like when I play video games, I like press all the buttons and I win. I’m just like, just same logic. However, you got to be sucking clit. Let me tell you about this. I didn’t even know about sucking clit until I got sent a toy that did it for me. This woman had heard me talk a lot about how I… For me to have an orgasm, I need like a lot of pressure, peer. And so… She’s like, “You need the Womanizer.” And I was like, “Yeah, I’ve been trying to slide into John Mayer’s DMs for a while now.” And I was like, “He writes, LOL and then he just kind of peters off.” And she’s like, “No, I’m talking about a tool.” And I was like, “Yeah, so am I, but I guess he’s… I like some of his songs and…” So… we had a little back and forth, a little who’s on first. And then she sent me this toy and it blew my mind, because you put it over your clit and it sucks your clit. It has three settings, it’s low, medium, squirt and then it… I swear to you, you can squirt. I didn’t think I could and now I know I can do anything. Like… We can do anything. I never could squirt and I wanted to, ’cause I think it’s such a cool power move. Like, just to just dump a quart of water on a guy’s bed and be like, “Peace.” And just like, “Catch you on the flip, dude.” Like… Nothing cooler than that to me. No, it’s like sucking clit makes sense, dude, it really does. Because clits and penises are pretty much the same thing, like the same nerve endings. So, what you really need to treat it like, is like go down on a girl and suck her clit like you would a tiny version of your penis, okay? I know that feels weird to say and to even do, but I swear to God, if you go down there and you just treat her clit like you would your tiny little penis, and you suck that tiny little penis… you’re gay. You’re so gay! That’s the gayest shit I ever heard. Why would you do that? Dude. No, it’s fucking great. Do it. Please, do it. That’s the best. So, when you… So, next time you go down on a girl, I’m not kidding you, find her clit and you latch onto that thing like a barnacle on an old boat. I swear to you. Just latch on and don’t let go until the captain sprays you off. ‘Cause she’s gonna. Oh, she’s gonna. And then, you swallow. No, don’t do that. You’ll drown. That would be cool. And I’m like, “Take it all.” He’s like… Is that feminism? I think I just stumbled upon feminism.

Thank you guys very much. You’re fucking rad. Thank you for… Thank you so much for coming. Thank you for being here. I love you. Thank you for watching at home. Thank you. Good night. 








I cannot touch that thing * It is not mine * I do not take, I do not take * * No matter how you shine * I cannot take a gift * That isn’t true * * I love myself, I love myself * * Too much to love you.

Thank you, guys. Thank you, thank you. New York, thank you. Stop it. Stop it. How are you guys? Yeah, I am whoo too. I’m feeling whoo. I… it’s so good to be here. I am in the prime of my life. I’m in my late 20s. I’m 31, and it’s just… It’s going great. I… that’s a woman’s age. Like, I am a woman, but I don’t feel like one most of the time. I’m still feeling like a girl a lot of times. Like, I’m still relating to Taylor Swift songs on a level I definitely shouldn’t, you know? But, like, my back hurts a lot, so I’m like, “Oh, that’s right, I can’t shake it off. “Like, I wish… I wish I could.” I’m on Snapchat, you know? But, like, I Google bunion surgery every day, so looking into that. It’s weird, like, I feel confident most of the time, but there are times when I’m like, “Ugh.” Like, the other day, I got jealous of a dog’s thigh gap. I’m not proud of that. Just like, “How does she do it?” “I have to switch to kibble. “I just got to do it. Bitch.”

But I’m just, like, not where I should be, I feel, as a 31-year-old. I don’t want a lot of things that girls my age want. I don’t want kids. I do want a baby, though, so it’s like, ugh, you know? ‘Cause that’s… They become that, and so… Yeah, I do want a baby, but, like, I feel like most women want babies, and that’s maybe why so many of us exist, ’cause babies are so cute, everyone wants one. They’re like the puppies of humans, I’ve heard. I think a scientist said that once, and, you know, it’s like… And that’s all you hear women say when they’re gonna have kids. They’re like, “Oh, we’re trying for a baby.” “Oh, we’re gonna have a baby.” “We just had a baby. Baby.” And it’s like, “Yeah, I know, but, like, “eventually it’s just gonna be some dude named Doug. “You know that, right? Like, it’s just gonna be a guy.” Like, it’s always “baby,” but it’s like, it’s a baby this much of the time you know it, and then it’s all Doug. Like, it’s just a… No one’s ever like, “Oh, we’re having a man.” That’s what you should say. “Yeah, I don’t want a Doug.” “I don’t,” but the thing is, I do want a baby. I have baby fever. Like, I see a baby, and I’m like, “Ugh.” My body’s just like, “Make one,” like, I just…

But again, you know, like, it’ll strike you in the weirdest times. My boyfriend sent me a picture of him holding his cousin’s new baby, and it was… It had to have been the hottest picture I’ve ever seen of my boyfriend. I was just, like, so attracted, ’cause he was, like, naked and fully erect, but it was also, like… That was it. I was like, “You never hold me like that, you know?” Just for Caleb?” Ugh. No, he was clothed. Still erect, but clothed, and… But he was just holding this baby. He just looked like a father, and I was just like, “Oh.” Like, it was so hot, but I was like, “I’ll never have that, like, ’cause I don’t want kids.” So I was like, “Is there a way he could, like, fuck me holding a baby?” Like, we could just, like, borrow a friend’s baby for a few minutes. Like, not… don’t think… It’s nothing gross. Like, he would just hold it like this. It wouldn’t even know. It would feel soothed and rocked, I feel like. It might fall asleep. I don’t know. If it wakes up, we’ll blindfold it. Like, I don’t want to damage your baby either, you know? Or if you have, like, a blind baby, that would be perfect. Is this weird, you guys? Is that a weird question?

I do… I like kids. I’m not good with kids, though. Some people are just naturally good with kids, like Bill Cosby. Like, he was so great with kids. We forget that. He was great with kids. Women not so much, but kids, just mmm! I’m not… I mean, I babysat for years, ’cause this family just never came home, but… That was difficult. It’s hard. Babysitting is hard. It’s like, “Ugh.” ‘Cause it’s like, you’re a mother, but you don’t love them, so it’s, like, hard to care. You know what I mean? I’m just like, “Your kid doesn’t look like me.” Like, I don’t care what happens.” Like, I wouldn’t be mean, but I was just like, “You can go watch TV. You’re not gonna be president.” Let’s be honest with ourselves. “Like, you know?” I’m sure your kids are different, though. I… yeah, I just feel like I’m past my prime to have kids a little bit.
Like, I feel like I should have done it in my teens. Like, that would have been the best time. It’s like they discourage it almost exclusively, but they shouldn’t. Like, when I was in high school, I was, like… I was… I’m busy now, but, like, what was I doing then, you know? Like, homework? Not really. Like, I had five years to just do whatever I wanted, you know? All I did was eat cereal and watch Saved by the Bell. Like, you can have a baby through all of that. It’s a great time to do it. First of all, your body bounces right back, so that’s sweet. Like, when you’re 16 and you have a baby at, like, 11:00 a.m., you can be at cheerleading practice at 4:00, top of the pyramid, ready to go. Maybe not the top. You’re still a little leaky, but you’re there. You could be there. I’m sure you’re suited up.
Also, if I had a baby now, like, my parents couldn’t help me at all. They live in St. Louis. I’m in L.A. Like, it would be too hard, but if… if you’re in high school and you have a kid, like, you live with your mom and dad or probably just your mom. Let’s be honest. Yeah, your dad probably split a while ago, but your mom’s there, you know? She’s hanging out, vaping, watching Dr. Phil, something like that. Like, I feel like that’s how she busies herself. She can help. She can… You could just hand the baby to her and be like, “Here, Mom, try again. “He’s yours now. “Yeah, you kind of fucked up the first time, “since that’s mine and I can’t drive, so… “Yeah, his name’s Mulligan. “I really feel like you can nail it this time if you just, like, focus and stop playing the lottery.” That would have been a good time. I’d have it over with too. If I had a baby when I was, like, 15, she’d be 16 now, probably have a granddaughter on the way. Like, that would be perfect for me. I could handle life as a nana, you know? That’s what I call my grandma, ’cause when I was little, I couldn’t pronounce “old bitch,” so that’s what I came up with, and that’s… No. No, she’s sweet. She wouldn’t even hurt a fly, ’cause flies don’t understand verbal abuse, so she would just, like, keep screaming at it and calling it fat, and it would keep flying. You know, they can’t hear, so… No, I shouldn’t do these jokes till she’s dead. It’s like, I can’t wait a week? You know, she’s very sick, but comedy comes first. That’s what she always said. She never said that, but… But, yeah, I just…

I might change my mind, though. I think girls change their mind about kids a lot. I got to decide kind of soon, though. If I wait too long, I’m gonna do a surrogacy, ’cause the longer you wait as a woman, the higher the risk that, you know, you won’t get your body back, and so I’m just gonna put that on someone else. It’s also… Like, I just found out that with a surrogacy, you can give your egg to a girl, and then it comes out of her looking like you. I didn’t know… I thought it had to look like Juno or whoever. Like, I didn’t know that you could just… I found this out. I’m like, “Why doesn’t everyone do that?” Like, I know it’s very expensive, but, like, if you could do it, why does anyone, like, say, “I want to have my own?” Because to me, that’s like… If someone was like, “Hey, do you want me to make you a pizza?” And you’re like, “No, I want to do it myself”, “but thank you. Yeah, I really want to bond with my pizza.” I’d be like, “Really? ‘Cause I can go make it for you.” “It’ll taste the same as if you make it, “and also your vagina won’t be ruined, so are you… you sure?” I’m like, “Please, make that.” Sounds gross, but I’ll eat it, but…”

But I do… there’s some things about having your own kid that I would be like, “Oh, that’d be fun.” Like, you can make them do stuff by telling them how long you carried them. Like, my mom used to do that to get me to clean my room. She’d be like, “Will you clean your room? I carried you for nine months, come on.” It never really worked on me, ’cause I was like, “Don’t tell me I was in there that long. “Like, I know how much you drink, “and, like, I’ve never seen you take a weekend off “that I can remember. “I doubt you went nine months when you were 25. “Like, I can do the math, you know? “Like, barely, ’cause you drank while you were pregnant with me, but…”

It’s a struggle. I have to go to Kumon every night. Oh, we got some Kumon fans in the crowd. What is the deal with Kumon? I’m so confused by that place. Okay, it’s, like, a tutoring place that you’re supposed to send your kids, but the sign… The logo… Is a bummed-out smiley face. It’s so confusing. It literally is, like, a sad, depressed smi… It’s just like, “Kumon,” like… I’m always like, “What’s going on?” And I’m always peering in. They’re like, “Ah,” as I get arrested, but, like, you just, like… I’m always like, “What’s going on at Kumon?” They won’t let you know, but here’s what I think is happening. I think it’s, like, a bunch of students, like, at desks working on their stuff, and then there’s just, like, tutors hanging over them just like, “Kumon.” Like, that’s all they say, but it works. I really hope that’s it. Please be it.

But, yeah. So, yeah, I might do a surrogacy. It is… it is a… It would be kind of fun, because you get to hang out with this chick all day. You know, she’s having your baby. Her name’s Brenda or whatever you name her. You get to name your surrogate. I heard that. I think that’s a thing. Brenda seems fitting. She’s hanging out with you, but your loved ones are gonna want to know why. Like, “Why… what’s wrong?” And, you know, you got to tell them a good reason. You can’t just be like, “Oh, I’m vain, so, you know… You know that about me.” Like, you can’t… You have to have… Like, you could say something like, “Oh, I’m barren,” and then bum everyone out, you know? Like, that’s the worst word. And I… honestly, I don’t want to say that, ’cause I think I might be, and I don’t want to jinx it, you know, like, I…

Yeah, it’s a miracle I haven’t been pregnant yet. Like, something… Not even a scare, you guys. Like, I’m a little suspish. Like, things aren’t working like they should. Like, I… I use the pill, but, like, I take the pill like people take fish oil. Like, “Oh, this would be good to do today.” Like, no, every day, same time. I can’t remember, so I switched to the IUD. My doctor put me on the IUD, and… which I don’t know if you’ve heard… It’s, like, the thing… You just, like, set it and forget it, and you just… you don’t have to do anything. You got to put it… There’s a two-year, and then there’s a five-year. I went with the five-year lease, and gonna leave it in for ten, roll the dice, you know, just see what happens. Like, there’s no way I’m gonna remember to take it out. I’m definitely gonna die with it inside me, but… That’s, like, certain, you know? No, it’s, like, the most painful procedure ever. Like, I had no idea. I blacked out during it, ’cause I was drunk, but, like, the pain was also probably a thing, and it was… It’s so weird, ’cause then they do… They do an ultrasound to, like… Which is… I’m like, “This is why I’m here, is to never have to put jelly on my stomach,” with a doctor like, “Whoa.” He’s doing that. He’s showing me on the screen where it is. He’s like, “There it is.” I’m like, “Oh, my God, it’s so beautiful.” “Like, oh, my God. “My future is so bright. “Like, that’s crazy. “Like, all my disposable income, “it’s, like, right in front of me. “Like, so many naps. Like, so many naps.” I had him print it up so I could give it to my mom and, like, ruin her day. That was fun. It was mean. It was not nice. She was like, “No way,” and I was like, “No way, five years, maybe ten.” IUD, I recommend it. I forgot what the name was so many times. Like, I kept saying other… There’s so many acronyms in medicine. For a while I was saying… I was bragging to my friends, like, “I got the new five-year UTI.” Got it, yeah,”. And they’re like, “Why are you dancing? “That sounds terrible. “Here’s all the cranberry juice in the world. You’ll need it.” It’s not an IED either. That’s… don’t do that. IUD… I remember it now, ’cause it’s “DUI” backwards. That’s how my mom taught me, so… But, yeah, so I’m gonna… I’m gonna do that.

I’m gonna… this is the thing with a surrogacy. If someone asks you why you’re doing it, you could just make up anything. Like, no one is a doctor, right? So, like, you could just say… I mean, like, some people are, but, like, most people, not doctors. So, if they’re like, “Why are you doing a surrogacy?” I can just be like, “Oh, I’m just doing one… “Actually, Brenda’s having my baby for me. “I’m glad you asked. “My vagina’s too small for a baby, so… I mean, it’s, like, so tight in there that, like…” “Well, I have TPS, which is tight pussy syndrome, “as you know, as… You didn’t know? “Yes, it’s, like… well, the word ‘pussy, ‘ it is in it. “I know that seems weird. “It does, but when it’s this tight, “it’s… medically, it’s called a pussy. “That’s true, so… “And I don’t usually tell people this, “so could you just, like, tell everyone? “That would be great. Thank you so much. Thank you. Come on, Brenda,”. And she’s on a leash, and we just walk off like, “Bye.” But you got to sell it. You got to walk like this. “So tight, oh, the burden.” That’s my dream. I’m like, “Ugh,” doesn’t hurt. I’m gonna do that. But, yeah, I don’t want kids yet.

I don’t want to get married. It helps that my boyfriend doesn’t want to marry me, so that’s like… That’s convenient. For a while, he was like, “I don’t want to get married until gay people can get married.” And then I was like, “They can!” He was like, “Yeah, I never thought that would happen, so…” I was like, “Oh, I thought that was weird you were protesting all those times, so…” He doesn’t want to get marr… I don’t really c… I don’t need, like, a big reception. I don’t want a whole to-do. I never want to have to slow-dance with my dad in front of all of my friends. Like, that seems… Like, that’s something we do alone together, and I don’t want to ruin that. Like, I feel… you know? Thank you, yeah. And, like, what if the band doesn’t know Ginuwine’s “Pony”? Are we supposed to just, like, freestyle to whatever they come up with? That seems humiliating, you know? Uh-uh. So, yeah. So, yeah.

I also don’t like the fact that when you get married, as a woman you just kind of give up your last name. Like, you really… it’s nice to take your husband’s name, but then you’re like, “Oh, this thing “I’ve had my whole life that’s my whole identity “that my great-grandparents came through Ellis Island with? “I’ll just throw it in the trash. This guy seems cool. Bye.” Like, that’s… What? You really, like… Your name is nothing after you get married. All it is is, like, your shithead son’s bank account security question answer. That’s all your name is. What? Only time it comes up, yeah. And he’s got to call you, ’cause he doesn’t even know it. Like, that’s the one call you get from him a month. “Mom, I’m locked out of my account again. Hey, what’s your old name?” He calls it an old name. You’re like, “You mean my maiden name?” He’s like, “Whatever.” “Uh, Jones.” He’s like, “Can you spell it?” And you’re like, “Fucking Doug.” Like, Jesus Christ.” “Why couldn’t you stay a baby?” That is weird that that’s the question that they came up with. Like, the banks were like, “What worthless piece “of information could we ask for “that no one would ever know about this man to protect his finances?” And some guy’s like, “What about his mother’s name?” And they’re like, “Perfect. Who gives a shit, right?” “His mother’s name.” That’s the question? That’s… so is that… That seems like something people should know about you, but it’s that question, then your first concert. So it’s your name, and then your son’s first concert are just… Your name and Limp Bizkit are just fighting for the top spot. So rude. Your name really just… You’re just like, “I don’t really see it anymore.”

Sometimes women get divorced, but they keep their ex-husband’s last names ’cause they’re just like, “I just don’t want to go to the DMV. “Like, I don’t care. “Like, I’ll just live with this man’s name I hate because I don’t want to wait in line.” Like, I get it. ‘Cause your name disappears. That’s why I want to marry someone with my same last name, save the trouble. Not a cousin, ’cause they’re poor, but, like, a… Like, uh… Like another Glaser. I could find one and… But if we had kids, I would still make my kids hyphenate their names just to be a dick about it. I don’t know. Like, they’d be like, “Mom, why are we Glaser-Glaser?” I’m like, “I don’t know. I want you to sound like” tiny little law firms, okay?” That’s… that’s why. “This is my son, Cooper Glaser-Glaser “and Associates. His sister, Associates.” “It’s a strange name, yeah.” But, yeah, so I’m gonna do that.

But we’ve been together… My boyfriend and I… We’ve been together, like, three years. We’ve broken up, like, three times, but we always get back together, so we’re gonna make it, and that’s, like, really promising. No, it is. It’s been good. He broke up with me once ’cause he kind of, like, found out I was lying about who I was in the beginning of our relationship to kind of trap him into one. I was like, “I didn’t know I wasn’t supposed to do that.” Like… but what if I don’t like me?” I really was, like, pretending to be this version of a girl that he would fall in love with. You know, I was just walking around like, “What would Khaleesi do?” Like, I just… I didn’t know what… I was like, “He likes that show, I think, you know?” So I just, like, walked around topless, got a bunch of lizards. I didn’t think it through, but… I hid a couple things. I wasn’t lying about who I was. I kind of put… I feel like I put Spanx on my personality. Like, I was just, like, tucking some things in, you know? Here’s a… like… I don’t know. Like, he’s a lot cleaner than I am. We were getting ready for bed once, and you know when you’re, like, first, like, hanging out with someone and you start sleeping over, and your hygiene habits kind of meet up, and yours are just, like, not really up to snuff? But you just, like, fake it. You’re just like, “I always brush them this long. “That’s cool, yeah. “Oh, you get the bottoms? That’s neat. I’ll try that. All right.” And then my arm is going numb. He’s still going. I’m just like, “Cool, we’re still doing this?” Like, I get through that. I’m, like, headed out of the bathroom. He’s like, “You got to floss,” and I was like, “You got to floss. What am I doing? Okay, here we go.” I’m just like, just gushing blood, just like, “What?” “That’s not… This never happens. “I must have hit something. This is weird. “This is the first time. “Both ends are on our period. Is that not right? Okay.” Don’t say that. So, yeah, he’s…

We’ve been taking showers together recently, which is, like, mmm, ’cause I just think he, like, wants me to shower more, so that’s cool. I’ll take what I can get, like… He’s like, “Let’s get in.” I’m like, “Whoo.” He’s just, like, scrubbing my back a little too much. I’m like, “What are you doing?” And I was like, “Do you want a blow job?” He’s like, “Let’s get your feet first.” I’m like, “Okay, all right.” And I was like, “Do you have, like, a foot fetish?” He’s like, “No, you have a foot fungus”, “and you should get this looked at. It’s of concern.” I’m like, “It doesn’t scrub off.” But he’s, like, a clean freak. You can’t compete with that. Like, he takes up to three showers a week, and it’s like, “We get it, Dr. Oz. Like, ugh.” I don’t know. I just… I am a very fast showerer. He’s always like, “How do you get anything done in there?” And I’m just like, “You know what? “I came from a house “where we didn’t shower for very long, “’cause we didn’t have a lot of hot water, “and my dad watched us, so, you know, we just got in and out.” We all know that family, so… But it’s been good.

I broke up with him the first time because we were a year into our relationship, and he would not say “I love you.” A year in, and I needed to hear it, ’cause my friends told me I did, so that’s when you know. That’s really when you know, ’cause I was, like, trying to be cool about it, like… ’cause friends talk about that. Girls are very aware of when you’re not saying “I love you.” It’s, like, first base for us. When we get together with our girlfriends, we’re not like, “Oh, did you finger him last night?” Like, we don’t care about that. Like, you know, we’re just like, “Did he say ‘I love you’? When’s he gonna say it?” And, like, I didn’t have anything to tell them. I was just… just trying to play it cool. I was like, “I don’t need to hear it, you know?” “I just… I know he does. “Like, the way he, like, high-fives me after sex, “like, there’s no question. Like, you wouldn’t just do that.” They were like, “Okay, well… well, does he… Does he talk about the future at all?” And I was like, “Yeah, you know, like, flying cars, robots”, “like, climate change. “We’re all worried, so he’s no different, you know?” Oh, but they were so mad, and so I went back to him. I was furious too, and I was just like, “Why don’t you love me?” you know, like, in a super lovable tone and just, like, crying in the street, and he just didn’t want to say it. He was sweet about it, ’cause he was very calm, and it was just like… He was honest, you know? He was just like, “I can’t… I can’t say it,” and I was like, “Okay, well, let’s find “a good speech therapist. “Like, let’s get you in a program. “Like, honestly, I thought this was feelings for you, “but clearly it’s phonics, “so this is, like, such a relief. “I know someone at Kumon. This is gonna be great. Come here, like…” He really… he… This is what he did say. He was like… he was like, “I can’t say ‘I love you.'” I was like, “You just did. I’ll take it.” “Thank you so much. You can stop right there. That counts,”. But he was like, “No.” This is what he gave me. He was like, “I can’t say ‘I love you.'” He was like, “But I’m enthusiastic about being with you.” Thank… One girl just goes… Thank you so much. You feel me. I know. Every girl in here is like, “You poor bitch. Like, oh, my God.” Thank you. Every girl has that reaction, and every guy is always like, “That’s one of the most sincere things you could ever say. That’s better than ‘I love you.'” “I’m enthusiastic about being with you.” I’m like, “Oh, am I Enterprise Rent-A-Car” “giving you a customer survey? “Would you recommend me to your friends who are more emotionally available?” I’ve only had, really, two serious boyfriends in my life, and the first one definitely did not say it on his own. He was a blackout drunk with a twin bed, and that second part’s not really that important. I just kind of want to paint a picture. He had a twin bed. He was 30 with a twin bed, and I would be like, “Can you upgrade to a full so I feel like a woman?” And… that’s all it takes, you know… And he was like, “No, it’s an extra-long twin.” I was like, “Ooh, a California twin, wow.” “Am I Rihanna? Jesus.” So he would get blackout drunk all the time. We were long-distance. He would get caught making out with girls in bars back home where I was from. My friends would see him. They’d call me, tell me about it. I’d call him the next day and be like, “What the fuck?” He was like, “I thought it was you,” and I’m just like, “Aww.” Like, I was flattered. Like, “Was she skinny?” Like, ugh.

So he was the worst. He came to visit me for Valentine’s Day, and I was like, “Oh, my God, he’s so gonna say ‘I love you.'” This is the trip,” and I got ready. I told all my friends. I’m like, “This is it.” And it was a great night. Like, we went to this fancy dinner that I paid for, and then we were, like, in this alley, and, like, I was rubbing his back as he vomited, and it was just, like, everything I’d wanted, and he just got really sick and passed out, and I was like, “Oh, my God.” Like, he didn’t say, “I love you.” I think he may have said, “I hate you.” It’s like, it was the worst time, but I was like, “Wait a second.” “When he gets blackout drunk, “he doesn’t remember anything he does or says, so I’ll just make last night whatever I want it to be.” So this is true, I swear to God. I woke him up the next morning, and I was like, “Hey, do you remember what you said to me last night?” He was like, “No, I’m sorry, what?” And I was like, “No, you told me you love me.” And he was like, “I did?” And I was like, “Yeah,” and he was like, “Okay,” and that’s it. He started saying it after that. That’s… I date-raped my boyfriend into loving me. That’s what I did. Thank you so much. I took back the night. So I… it was, like, a pretty good plan. I couldn’t use it, though, with my boyfriend now because he doesn’t drink, so I was like, “What am I gonna do?” So this is how I got… “How am I gonna get it?” And this is how I got it. I decided to ask him to say “I love you” as he was coming, which is a great time. That’s a per… Like, a guy will do anything for you in that moment. You just got to time it perfectly. I was just like, “Tell me you love me.” He was like, “I love you.” Like, it was just like, “Ah, got it,” you know, just the once, but I got it, you know? So that was pretty cool and… ‘Cause I thought about it. I was like, “Oh, my God”, guys are so vulnerable in that moment.” They will do anything right before they come up until they come. Like, he… I feel like my boyfriend would, like, take a bullet to the brain for me. He would jump in front of a train for me. He would do anything in a Bruno Mars song, pretty much, is what I’m saying. Like, definitely. I feel like Bruno Mars must write all his lyrics before he comes. Like, that’s the only way he feels those things. And then it is a sharp drop-off after that. Right after he comes, I feel like he’s… In one second, he’d do anything for me, and then he’s like… And then it’s just like, I feel like he’s like, “What have I done?” Like he just… He wants to pretend it didn’t happen. We can’t really talk about it. I’m like, “Tell me about my clit.” He’s just like, “No.” Like, he doesn’t… I want to talk. He’s off getting a towel. I’m like, “You can let it marinate. I don’t care. Like, this is fine.” He’s, like, dabbing me off. I’m like, “Are we having company? Like, what’s the rush?” I’m like, “You know this was consensual, right?” What are you doing?” He’s so ashamed. He tries to close me like a laptop. I’m like, “I’m a real woman with feelings and thoughts” “and a career. You can’t do this.” I think it’s porn. I think that’s what makes guys so ashamed after they come sometimes, ’cause they’re used to just watching disgusting things. They’re like, “Whoa, that didn’t happen.” But it did. You did it, and it’s like, I get it. Like, I don’t mind that guys watch porn. I’ve… they all watch it, and I don’t care that my boyfriend watches porn. Like, I’m on the road a lot, so sometimes I’ll ask him to send me the porn he’s about to jerk off to, and then I’ll sit there and watch it, like, just knowing that he’s jerking off to it. Like, I think it’s, like, romantic, ’cause I’m like… * Somewhere out there. Like we’re looking at the same moon, you know? It’s beautiful kind of. I’m not, like, totally… Like, I don’t love porn. I watch it sometimes, mainly for tips. Like, I’m always looking for, like, new tricks I can try, you know? Especially when it comes to blow jobs. I’m always like… I feel like I’m not very good at them, so I’m always like… I’ll check out a blow job video on, like, the front page, like, something very mild. I’ll be like, “Okay, this seems cool,” and I’ll just take some notes. Like, “What are these gals gagging about?” And just like… You learn some things. You’re like, “Oh, okay, use both hands. “I can do that. That seems cool. “All right. “Look terrified, all right, I’ll give it a whirl. “Wouldn’t be the first time, you know? “Be fun to revisit, okay. “Choke to death, perfect, okay. That’s how I’m gonna go, then.” Like, it’s, like, violent stuff on the front page. You don’t even have to dig for this stuff. Every porno is just like… It’s, like, a girl just, like, dying. When did this happen? I feel like I took a break from porn, and then it’s all just slobber now. It’s like, these girls have so much saliva, and I’m like, “I don’t have that much.” Like, it’s making me insecure. I’m like, “These bitches look like Saint Bernards.” Like, I don’t have those, like, frothy, foamy strands. I’m like, “Do I need an extra gland or something?” Like, what? I got to be wet up here now? Like, it’s just too much. I hate the way porn has made me feel throughout my life. I started watching porn when it first came out in ’98, and it made me feel sad. I hadn’t even kissed a boy, and I was like, “I have to do that?” Like, and then I didn’t watch it forever, and then I checked back in on it when I, like, started being interested in, like, having sex. I was like, “Maybe I’ll try it,” and then I was watching it, and I saw porn vaginas, and I was like, “Mine doesn’t look like that.” Have you seen porn vaginas? They’re just, like, these tiny, little… It’s like, God’s little whisper. It’s just, like, a little suggestion. It’s… it literally is… Sometimes I’m like, “Does that girl just have a paper cut down there? Like, is that… looks like it would hurt.” Like, it’s just these tiny… I haven’t looked like that since I was seven, to be honest. Like, I remember. I didn’t know those were my glory days. I should have just stared at it more and been like, “You got it, girl.” Like, that would have been amazing. I squandered my youth. But, yeah, those porn vaginas made me so sad about my own, because, man, my vagina doesn’t look like that, and I hated it for a while. I just… I was, like, so furious. Every time I looked at it, I wanted to punch it. I was just like, “Ugh!” And it looked like it had been punched several times, so that’s what’s weird about that. I was like, “Why make it worse?” Sometimes I see it, and I’m just like, “Were you in a street fight earlier?” Like, it just is, like… Picking gravel out. Like, “Oh, God,” but… Do you know what I’m talk… But, like, you… Some of you have vaginas like mine, like, where you’re just like… you’re like… Like, it looks like it’s trying to escape kind of? Like, do you know what I mean? Don’t be ashamed. I have it too. It’s like… it’s… You could ask me, “How’s it hanging?” Some days, and that’s fine. That’s… that’s my body. You go to get a wax, and she has to go through it like a Rolodex. “Okay, let’s go.” No one? Just me? Great. Great, feeling great about my body again. Thanks so much. No, I do… I feel fine about it now. When I was in college, I was, like, saving up money to get surgery, and that seems crazy, but a lot of girls do this, and now I’m like, “No way,” ’cause I was so scared. I was just like, “No one’s gonna see it until I can fix it,” and then I got drunk, and I was like, “Everyone in!” Like, I was like, “Look at it.” Isn’t that hilarious?” Like, you get drunk, and you’re just like… Then you have sex and no one cares. No guy has ever complained. I… like, it’s… As long as it’s clean and you share it with them, like, they don’t care. They don’t care. So now I’m not touching my… It’s good. It’s… you know, it’s not great. You know, it’s like Venice. You know, it’s a little hard to get to, but the canal is amazing, and that’s what I focus on. It’s the infrastructure. A lot of Italians have been in it. It’s like, you know… So that’s my vagina. Had to cover that. But, yeah, I don’t know. I don’t… I’m not bothered by porn as much anymore. My boyfriend got me into porn, the industry. It’s been pretty lucrative. It’s… I’m just dipping my toe in, you know, just… That’s what I do. I dip my toe in girls’ vaginas. That’s… it’s very niche, very niche. You know that’s a type of porn. Like, that… that’s probably a very popular type of porn. There are, like, at least three guys in here who are like, “I can’t believe I haven’t seen her yet.” That’s weird.” Because, like, I don’t know. We’ve been watching porn together a little bit and… ’cause we finished “Friday Night Lights,” so that’s what… that’s what Netflix wanted for us and… So we’ve been watching porn together, and he’s… he wants to watch what I want to watch, so he’s like, “What are you into?” and I’m like, “Well, if it were up to me, we would watch a ‘TMZ’ clip” “of Zac Efron getting out of a car.” “Like, that’s what treats Mommy right, you know?” Like, that’s fine for me, but in terms of porn, like, I just… There’s nothing… There’s been a couple videos that I’m like, “Oh, I like that,” but I always stumble into them. I wouldn’t know how to search for it. It’s too weird that… I don’t even know “how to describe what I like.” He was like, “Try me. Like, I’ll find it.” ‘Cause apparently he’s, like, the Edward Snowden of porn. Like, he can just hack into… Like, find anything. It’s very impressive watching him. He’s always got, like, eight screens up all buffering at different times, so as soon as one gets boring, the next one is, like… The money shot is seconds away. Like, it’s very… It’s orchestrated. But he was like, “Describe it.” Come on, I’ll find it,” and I was like, “Okay, of the porn I’ve seen, the… the ones I like are, “like, the videos where the girl, “she isn’t really quite into it at first, you know? “She’s a little bit like, ‘I don’t know, ‘ you know, “but then she, like, gets into it, but, like, at first, she’s just, like, a little reluctant,” and he was like, “Oh, yeah, reluctant porn.” He starts typing in “reluctant.” I’m like, “What are you doing?” He’s like, “Reluctant porn.” I’m like, “That’s not a type.” He’s like, “Yeah, it is,” and it is. Oh, it is. It is… there’s so much reluctant porn with “reluctant” in the titles. I mean, it’s just like, “Hot reluctant sluts,” and I’m just like, “One of those words is not like the other, porn. “Like, that doesn’t… That one. “Where did you learn that word? “Have you been attending night school? Like, what?” Reluctant, it’s very hot. You should look it up. It’s… if you want… If you don’t want to, if you’re a little reluctant to do so, I do… I do a pretty sick impression of reluctant porn, so here we go. So this is all reluctant porn. Ready? “No, okay.” Like, that’s it. That’s… that is it. Yeah, slight hesitation, full commitment, yes. Mostly casting couch, so check it out. But I was just, like… I was so shocked. Oh, my God, you can find any type of porn. I was like, “Put in the word ‘facetious.’ “Like, let’s just put it in. Like, let’s see what we get.” You know, I think I had just learned how to spell that word, so I was, like, showing off or whatever, so it’s like, “Put it in.” And so I spelled it for him. I was like, “‘Face’ and then ‘tious, ‘ and then put it together,” and he was like, “Face tits?” And I was like, “I’m sure that’s a thing, but, no, ‘facetious.'” So he put it in, and there were three videos with “facetious” in the title. It was crazy with three, and so… It was just a black girl named Facetious, but you know what? That counts. She’s amazing. She’s really good. She fucks sarcastically, so that’s, like, her thing that she… Check her out. Check her out. But I’ve learned a lot from porn dirty talk-wise. Not, like, physically. I just… my MO is, I kind of just lay there. Like, I’m a bottom, you know? Like, I just… And I’m enjoying myself. I don’t want to change. Like, I like being on bottom. I’m… I’m not a dead fish. I just… I hate when guys call me that. I think that’s rude. Dead fish? “Dead fish.” I’m like, “What?” No, no, no, I’m like, a fish on its way out. Like, that’s… I’ll give you that. Like, I’m not doing great, but, like, dead? Maybe someone just needs to clean my tank, you know? Like, that’s… That’s what I call going down on me. Thank you so much. That’s really disgusting. Please tonight, if you get gone down on, like, just say to yourself, just for me, just go, like, “Yeah, you clean that fucking tank,” just, like, for me. Just… it’ll make you feel good. I know. I feel like I’ll feel it, you know? Like, my ear will tingle. I’m like, “Yeah, girl’s getting her tank cleaned.” Clean it. Clean it.” I love that. So I… if you’re lazy in bed like I am, you kind of got to bring it when it comes to dirty talk, ’cause I’m rarely, like, on top doing things that are impressive. If I’m ever on top, I always do reverse cowgirl, ’cause you can pretend his legs are Zac Efron’s a lot easier than his dumb, stupid head, so… But if you’re on bottom just chilling, say some good stuff. Like, I… now I have lines to say. Before, I didn’t. I would just be put on the spot, and I couldn’t think of anything. He’d be like, “What do you want?” And I’d be like, “To check my phone? I mean, to check your dick.” And he’s like, “What?” I’m like, “For crabs? I don’t know, okay? I’m sorry.” So go in with a plan, and that’s where porn comes in. You watch porn, you steal a line from that, and you use it, and I steal from Sasha Grey. She’s my favorite porn actress. She’s amazingly filthy. Look at you all pretending not to know who that is. That’s amazing. She’s awesome. She’s so, like, poetically filthy, and I stole one of her, like, mild lines from one of her Disney porns… And the line was, I… oh, “You own this pussy.” I was like, “That’s great. I’ll use that.” “You know, I’ve been looking “to sell this thing off for a while anyway, so, please, someone, take it.” So I said that. I decided to say that, and so we’re doing it, and I’m, like, gearing up, and I was just like, “You…” He’s back there and… Just want to set the scene. He’s back there, and I… and I… And by the way, I was not even doing doggy style. Like, that’s… Even for me, I’m like, “I don’t want to plank right now.” Like, can we not?” I’m always like, “Can we turn doggy into walrus?” “Can we, like, make this a little bit more comfy “for old Glasedog? “Like, I just… Like, I don’t want to… “I don’t want to engage my core right now, if that’s cool. Thanks.” So he’s doing it, I’m walrusing, and he… Things are going great, and out of nowhere, I was just like, “You own this pussy,” and he was like, “What?” And I was like, “You heard me,” and he was like, “Okay.” And he’s, like, nervous, ’cause he’s, like, a first-time pussy owner. Like, I think he had just rented before, apparently. It can be nerve-racking, you know? So he was like, “Ah,” and I was excited. I was like, “Ah!” And to be honest, I really thought that I would say, “You own this pussy,” and he would just, like, immediately finish. Like, he would just be like, “I love you!” Like, “Ah!” But it didn’t happen that way. He, like, needed a lot more from me. Like, that was… It was hot, but he, like, needed me to say more things, and I didn’t have anything else to say. That’s all I had written on my hand, so I was just kind of like, “You own this pussy.” So I just started repeating myself, which works at first. You know, you’re like, “You own this pussy.” He’s like, “Yeah, I do.” “You own this pussy.” “Yeah, I do.” “You own this pussy.” “Okay, uh, pretty aware of that by now. Care to expound on the situation whatsoever?” And I was… I had not… So I’m just like, “Uh, it’s in escrow. We just… We just put it in es…” I don’t know what that means. I’m just grasping at loose real estate terminology. “There’s a spacious eat-in kitchen. “If you just contact Janet Russo to set up a showing, 917-425… “. He’s like, “Are you giving me my aunt’s number?” I’m like, “I don’t know.” She’s the only real estate agent I know.” I’m like, “Check out the mudroom. “It’s right above you, if you so dare. Come on, please?” Anal. Anal. Oh, God, do you guys do it? I do. I love it. I don’t… I mean, it’s fi… It’s good. You should try it. And I always feel weird saying that I’ve done it, ’cause people, I just feel, are like, “Mm, we didn’t need to know that,” or they’re like, “I would never do that.” But here’s the thing. I’ve done research. 33% of women have done it, so, like, all of these girls. That’s just, like, crazy, ’cause I wouldn’t think you’ve done it, but you have. These are facts, so that’s, like, so weird, Mom. It’s like, just knowing that you’ve done that. I do learn a lot. I love sex facts. I love finding things out. Like, squirting is, like, such an anomaly to me. I can’t do it. I’ve been trying. We’re trying, so thank you. Thanks, that’s so sweet, you guys. He wants to get a surrogate, but, you know… No, I can’t do it. I just found recently, though, that, like, squirt is, like, mostly pee. It’s, like, very diluted urine, which is, like, such a relief to me ’cause now I get to say, “Oh, I squirted the bed until fourth grade.” Like, that seems a lot cooler. I’m like, “I was a sexy fourth grader,” you know? Like, that’s so cool of me. I learn a lot of things. I don’t… sexuality doesn’t come naturally to me. I just feel like, “Blah!” So, like, I had to, like, learn how to be… Like, I know that guys love it when they find out you’re not wearing underwear. Like, that’s super hot to them, and I just, like, always wear underwear. It’s, like, my thing and… You guys get it. And… but I just, like… I’ve never done… The other day, first time, no underwear the whole day, and it was… You know, just ’cause I shit my pants at this Starbucks, but it was like, once I ditched that thong in that bathroom, I was like, “Hello.” I’m sexy.” I was like, “Anything can happen,” so… I’m down to try a lot of stuff. My boyfriend does some pretty kinky things. He did this recently, just during… Like, surprised me with it. Not at… not, like, in a vicious way. Like, it was a very light… He might have been checking my pulse, to be honest. I’m not really sure. I was very relaxed, but it was just, like, a light one. But he didn’t say anything when he did it. He just did it, and then we were just like, “Hey,” like, just staring at each other. You got to say something. You just can’t be like, “Oh.” I was like, “Ahh,” like… And I didn’t say anything, ’cause I couldn’t, and I was like, “After you.” And I could tell he panic… Like, he didn’t think about saying… So he was just like, “I’m gonna kill you.” I was like, “What? No! Get off!” And he was like, “Is that too much?” I’m like, “Yes, it’s too much.” Jesus Christ.” Thank you so much. Oh, my boyfriend bought me a sex swing. I did not ask for one. He surprised me with it. I got back from the road, and he, like, walked me in the bedroom and was like, “Surprise,” and I was like, “Are you living with a handicapped woman that needs to get in and out of bed?” Like, it’s… It’s a big apparatus with all these straps. I mean, it… It really looks like how they fed the velociraptors in “Jurassic Park,” like, when they lower the cows down, and then they come back up just, like, swinging straps. You guys know. That’s a sex swing, I think. I’m pretty sure. It’s really… it’s fun. It’s great. I know why he got it: Because he’s, like, tired of doing all the work ’cause I just lay there, so he’s like… ’cause you… I just, like, plop in this thing, and then he just taps it once, and then you’re just, like, fucking forever. Like, it’s just perpetual motion after that. It’s like the bird dipping in water of sex. It’s just like… Like, you’ll just fuck forever until a scientist comes and stops you. I don’t know why that has to happen. But, yeah, it’s pretty fun. It’s more fun when he goes to work, and I just get to hang out in it all day and just spin around, pretend I’m like Pink at the Grammys. I’m just like, “Ah.” Like, I’m just… It’s so good. You just spin and spin. It’s awesome. It’s awesome… Okay, I found the box for it. He, like, hid the box and… Which was weird, ’cause I found the box. I’m like, “You know I didn’t think, “like, Santa put this together? Like, elves were making this?” But he… I found the box, and he hadn’t, like, opened the whole box, because on the box, it said, “Free blindfold inside,” and I was like, “Yes, a sleep mask.” You know, like, I love sleep masks. I love… I wear them on planes. I need them. I’m a connoisseur. I leave them on planes all the time, though, and so this one I’ve been wearing, it’s so good. It’s the best one I’ve ever had, this sex swing blindfold. So it blocks out all the light. It does say “cum slut” on it, but I’m like, that’s who I am, so you know, far be it from me to deny Southwest that information, you know? It is weird when we land and I wake up, and I’m like, “I hope that’s drool. “Like, I really… I hope it’s drool. Please be drool.” I’ve said that so many times in my life, “Please be drool.” I don’t know why. It’s a weird thing to say. I am, like, obsessed with talking about sex. I apologize if it’s not your thing, but, like, come on. It’s, like, so fun, and, like, we’re all having sex, but we don’t really, like, talk about it. Like, we’ll be like, “Oh, yeah, I’ve had sex before.” Like, we’ll admit that, but we won’t be like, “Oh, yeah, I’ve been like…” But that’s, like, what you look like. No one admits that. They’re like, “No, I look cooler.” No, you don’t. You’re just like… Like, that’s… It’s just a bunch of, like, skin, like, shaking. It’s so gross, and you all look like it. We all do, but, like… The only thing that, like, differentiates us is like, we put on clothes, and we’re like, “Nope, I’ve never done that.” Like, as soon as you’re not naked, you can be like, “No, I don’t do that. What are you talking about? I’m a princess.” Like, that’s what’s separating us, is just clothes. Like, you can give, like, a sloppy blow job and put on, like, some jeans and a tank top and be like, “I’ve never sucked a dick in my life. What are you talking about? Nope, not me.” And it’s like, “Yes, you have.” If you’ve worn a tank top, male or female, you’ve sucked some dicks. Like, that’s just a fact of tank tops, I think, yeah. I love it, though. I’m always, like… I love to picture people, like, what they’re into. Pregnant women are my favorite, ’cause you’re like, “I know you doing it. “Like, you got stuffed. She got stuffed.” Like, you know it, and then you… Oh, you can find out, like, exactly when she had sex. Like, all you have to do is ask, like, “When are you due?” Or pretend you care or whatever, and then you just do some light math, and you count back nine months, and you’re like, “July.” “You were just like, like, like, in July. You were getting it.” “You love it.” “Yeah, you should be ashamed of yourself.” Like, I love that. That’s the thing about being pregnant. Like, you… if you tell your parents you’re pregnant, like, you’re pretty much like, “Dad, Chris came inside me. Come here.” “I kept it in.” Like, that’s… No, I don’t want to do that. Ah, God, creeps have ruined the smile compliment, by the way. Like, it’s done. You can’t… ’cause girls, you’ll just be walking down the street, and guys will tell you to smile. It’s just the worst. We’ve all… It’s happened to all of us. There’s only, like, two of you who actually do it, but you’ve ruined it for everyone. Most guys don’t do this, but girls’ll just… You’ll just be walking down the street by yourself, you know, not smiling, ’cause you’re not a lunatic… Who’s just smiling for no reason. Who’s this giddy bitch? Just like, “Yeah.” If I saw that, I’d be like, “Did you just get into DeVry, ma’am?” “Like, what’s going on in your life that’s…” “Did you just find a new feminine wipe “that fits your busy lifestyle? “That’s what I thought. How fun.” So insane. You don’t see girls smiling and walking, but these guys cannot take it. They are just so upset that you’re not smiling, and they stop you, and they’re just like, “Oh, can you smile pretty? “Aw, can I get a smile? You’d be prettier if you smiled.” Like, it’s always some version of that, and I never want to, ’cause, you know, it’s just like, I just got off the phone with my mom or something, so I’m just like, “Ugh.” And… or just life. You’re just like… And they always say it, and I always do. I’m always just like, “Here you go. Like, is this what you wanted?” I’m just like… It hurts, but you do it, because if you don’t, they rape you, and that’s true. That’s true? Haven’t tried it. Like, don’t risk it. That’s… it’s a little rapey to be like, “Smile,” and you’re just like, “Okay.” That’s how you know if something’s rapey. If a girl told you to do it, would you do it? Certainly not. If a girl was like, “Hey, smile, honey,” I’d be like, “No, you go smile.” “Look into a mirror if you want to see a girl smile. I’m gonna be on my way.” But a guy, I’m just like, “Is this the least I could do to not get raped right now? That’s so great, thank you. I feel safe.” I don’t… I’m not, like, up here like, “Fucking men.” I’m not up here fucking men either, but… My career took a different path, but… I don’t like how women are marketed to. Feminine wipes. I talked about those before, and I could tell you guys were like, “Please get back to that.” “We need more.” I just read your energy. It’s pretty cool. Feminine wipes are these things we’re supposed to carry around, ’cause they’re like, “Hey, your vagina smells “like it’s supposed to, and it’s grossing everyone out. Can you fix it, please? Thank you.” And we’re like, “Okay, I’m so sorry to ruin the party.” People are buying these. I don’t know anyone who does, but I just don’t understand why those exist, yet ball wipes, we’re like, “Nah, that’s cool, we don’t need them.” I don’t want balls to smell different, but it’s just like, we should be equally shamed, you know? Like, a fun, portable ball wipe? Like, why can’t that be a thing? I don’t… This is the thing. I don’t want your balls to smell good. I like the… I don’t, like, like the way they smell, but I’m like… I’m not like, “Mmm.” Like, I don’t want it, like, wafting through my foyer, but, like… I’m not dragging my boyfriend into Yankee Candle like, “Can you guys match this scent? Is there a way? “With, like, a touch of taint? Like, just, like, a… “Cool, okay, I’ll leave you here. I’ll be at Piercing Pagoda, bye.” Like, no. I don’t like… I don’t enjoy the scent, the aroma, but I like that balls smell exactly how they look. Like, that’s… There’s something cool about that. They’re just so authentic. They’re comfortable with who they are. They’re like, “Just, this is who I am. Like, take it or leave it.” Like, I love that. There’s nothing in nature that looks it smells more than balls, and so they shouldn’t smell good. You shouldn’t put anything on them, because we know that things are supposed to look how they smell. We all know that from Febreze commercials. You know, where a person… They set a person in a hoarder’s apartment, and they blindfold them, and they’re like, “Where am I?” “Am I in a whispering meadow? What’s happening?” And there’s, like, a rat crawling behind them in some trash. They’re like, “What’s that? Is that a bubbling brook?” What’s going on back there?” Then they take it off. They’re like, “Aah!” Like, it psychologically fucks you up. Don’t Febreze your balls. Like, there’s no amount of smell… I’m not gonna close my eyes when I’m down there and be like, “Am I in an Arabian spice market tonight?” Like, no. It’s… I know where I am. Your dick is in my eye. Like, that’s… I don’t really know why. But, like, everyone knows about ball smell. It’s… it’s funny to me that they attacked women’s smell first, because ball smell has been around forever. Even before I knew what balls were, I knew what ball smell was. Like, I knew balls smelled, and so did you. Think about it. You’re a kid, right? And you walk into a room that smells a little weird. You turn to your friend, and you’re like, “It smells like balls in here, right?” Like, that’s… That’s a phrase that was based on your balls to convey a generic funk smell. Like, it’s been around… Your grandma could be like, “It smells like balls in here.” You’d be like, “That’s absolutely right, Grandma.” “Like, that’s a normal thing for you to say right now, because it does smell like balls in here.” Like, I think Chaucer wrote it. That’s been around forever, so… So, yeah, don’t Febreze your balls. You guys have been so great. Thank you so much. Here is the last thing I’ll say. Thank you. You guys are like, “Okay, fine.” You’re, like, mad at the one person who started it. I get it. I’ve been in an audience before. “Really? Again?” I was having sex recently with my boyfriend and… I hate saying “boyfriend,” ’cause it’s not like, “Boyfriend.” Like, I hate it. My ex… my future ex-fiancé and I were… We can get there and… No, we were doing it recently, and he said the funniest thing. And this is how I know he watches porn a lot, because out of nowhere he just goes, “What would you do for this dick?” Great question. I was like… Love it. It’s like, “Are you Terry Gross?” This is amazing.” “What would you do for this dick?” He doesn’t talk like that either, by the way. Like, like, why do you sound like Batman right now? It’s just like, “What would you do for this dick?” And I was like, “I didn’t know your dick was a Klondike Bar.” Let’s start there. Like, I don’t have a plan.” I was like, “I’d do a silly dance?” And he’s like, “Please stop. It’s going down.” I was like, “Okay.” I didn’t know what to say. He asked it at the wrong time. You should ask that question before you have sex, right? Like, “What would you do for this dick?” He’s, like, across the room. He’s just dangling it, and I’m just like, “Anything! Anything!” Like, that’s… That’s the way. I’m just like, like… That’s how I get, real dick hungry. But I just… he asked it while I had it. He’s like, “What would you do for this dick?” I was like, “Whatever I did ten minutes ago?” “That seemed to work. Sit on your couch and eat Thai food?” “Mmm, wait till ‘Shark Tank’ is over?” Like, there’s not a lot of hurdles between me and your dick, you know? Like, I didn’t know what to say. I hope he asks me again, because I just wasn’t prepared, which he won’t, because I’ve done this joke, so… But if he does, I would… I… if he says, like, “What would you do for this dick?” I’d, like, press play and be like, * I would walk 500 miles, and I would… * Like, ’cause I would. I love it. I do. I love… I love it. It’s my best friend. I really… I love doing dick tricks. Like, it’s… dicks are so funny to me, and they’re so fun to play with, and, like, when you’re with a guy long enough, you just, like, start to, like, do some weird stuff. I’m always just like, “How you doing?” Like, I just, like, talk to it, and he’ll be like, “What are you saying?” I’m like, “This doesn’t concern you!” And I’ll just be like, “This is just between us.” Like, I’ll just do funny things. It’s fun for everyone, you know? “Shh!” Just talk to it. But here’s those… Here are some dick tricks that I just want to share with you. Okay, so first one is, okay, so, like, before you have sex, when he’s just, like, soft or whatever, you just take his dick, and you just, like, pretend that it’s a hose that’s out of control, and you’re just like, “Whoa! Whoa!” Like, it’s so fun. He won’t like it at first, but it gets it going. Like, you know, like, he can’t… You’re playing with it, you know? He’ll roll his eyes, then he does… Then you know he’s into it, so… The water starts pumping, so… And then the other one is post sex, okay? This is kind of gross, but, okay, you know, after they do it, there’s, like, a little bit still on it? I always like to go, “Ooh, I forgot my lip gloss,” and just put it on and be like, “Ready to go.” It’s so fun. Do it. You got to do it. Promise me you’ll do it. Oh, God. So, yeah, I just… Dicks are so fun to me. I like to compliment my guy’s dick. Like, I did that very early on in our relationship. I complimented him, and I learned that there’s only so many things you can say about a dick that guys want to hear. There’s, like, two things. You can be like, “Oh, it’s so big,” or like, “Owie.” Like, that’s kind of it. Like, don’t stray too far outside of that, but that’s hard because, like, sometimes they’re not huge. Like, my boyfriend, not huge… Average, perfectly average. I love it. It’s wonderful. But it’s average, and you can’t celebrate that, you know? You can’t be like, “Oh, my God, it’s so fucking expected.” Like, oh, yes, fill me up with that adequate cock.” Like, you know, that’s not good, so… So you lie. You lie, you know? Like, you’re in the moment, and… we were in the moment, and I was just like, “It’s so big,” and he was just like, “Oh, is it?” “It’s so big?” And I was like, “Yeah.” And he was like, “We’re looking at the same thing right now.” “Come on. So big?” I’m like, “Can you just, like, suspend disbelief” “for, like, 15 seconds maybe and think to yourself, like,” “‘Well, maybe she’s only seen baby dicks.” “‘Like, she worked in nursery her whole life” “‘and never got a date. Like, maybe that’s it.'” But he was like, “Don’t lie.” I’m like, “Okay, fine, I won’t,” and then I just stopped complimenting it altogether, ’cause I was like, “I can’t say anything.” But then I realized, “Oh, wait. I can say it’s perfect.” That’s what I’ll say.” ‘Cause that’s not a lie. I think it’s perfect. So now I say it’s perfect. So, if you’ve heard your dick is perfect, it’s average or below average. So that’s just a thing I want you to know. Yes. Yes. And your lady has found a loophole. But I really… I don’t care that much about dick size. I know it’s a thing, but I don’t know. If I love someone enough, I really don’t care, and my friends are like, “Yeah, right.” And I’m like, “I really… I don’t.” And they’re like, “What if he had a micropenis?” And I’m like, “I don’t know. There’s other things.” Like, you can work around it. Like, you can cheat on him. You can use toys. No, there’s other things you can… you have your hands. You have your tongue. You know, at least you don’t have a microtongue, you know? Celebrate that. If you have a micropenis, just be proud of your big tongue, ’cause if you had, like, a tiny little… How gross would that be if a guy was like, “Hey, baby,” like a little gecko, but he just had a huge cock, but he’s like… You’d be like, “Where’s micro? I need him.” Like, that is so gross. So at least your tongue’s cool, you know? I did get in trouble for lying. You shouldn’t lie, and I know that. He was… we talked about it a lot. My boyfriend was like, you know, “Don’t lie”… Like, girls don’t know because they don’t get compliments down there, so they, like, don’t get it, what it feels like to be lied to. And I was like, “Yeah, you know, I’d… We’d like some, you know?” And he was like, “Really?” Like, what would… What would I even say?” “I don’t know. Like… like, we’re tight or whatever?” He was like, “Really?” “I wouldn’t even think to say that. That’s crazy. That’s…” I’m like, “To me or girls in general?” Like, what’s the vibe here?” And he was like, “No, babe, you’re perfect.” And I was like, “Yes, okay.” “Oh, fuck you, okay? That’s mine.” He was like, “Owie?” I’m like, “Enough.” New York, thank you so much for coming out tonight. You’re so great. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I love you. Thank you


